Hi!
What is your favorite holiday?
one where I get to meet lots of different people.
What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?
Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.
Which holiday was that?
I think it was Australia
Do you still talk to the people you met?
Not really. The interactions are usually short-lived but it's fascinating to learn where people are coming from and what matters to them
Yea, me too. I feel like God often puts strangers in front of you, and gives you an opportunity to connect with them in that moment in deeply meaningful ways. Do you ever feel like you know things about strangers without them telling you?
what do you mean?
I think it's like a 6th sense, often seen as "cold readings" to people, but can be remarkably accurate. I once sat next to a man in a coffee and I felt a pain in my back. I asked the stranger if he had a pain. It turns out that he did in the exact spot, and said he pulled a muscle while dancing at a party. I had never met the man before and never saw him again.
Wow! That's interesting, borderline spooky
There's this practice called "Treasure Hunting" that's kind of a fun game you play in a public place. There's a book called "The Ultimate Treasure Hunt" that talks about it. You use your creativity to imagine people you will meet, and you write down a description, then you associate them with a positive message or encouraging word. Maybe you saw a teenage boy in a red hat at the shopping mall in your imagination, then while at the mall, you may find someone who matches that description. You show that you have a message for him and that you have a message for a boy in a red hat. You then give him a message of kindness or whatever was on your heart. You have no idea, sometimes you meet someone who is having a really hard day, and it brings them to tears to have a stranger show them love.
So, do you do treasure hunting often?
I did more when I was in grad school (and had more time). I would usually go with friends. For a while I would go to the farmers market in Santa Cruz every week and try to feel if there is something I am supposed to tell a stranger. Usually, they are vague hope-filled messages, but it's weird when I blurt out something oddly specific.
Hi
Any plans for the weekend?
my friends are gonna visit me this weekend. we might go hiking!
That's great! How's the weather over the weekend? I hope its warm.
Should be very sunny! you?
Cool! very depressing plans ... stay home and work 😞 I have a project deadline very close.
😐 hope you get your work done very soon! a bug free weekend!
Right, very anxious! where do you plan to go for a hike?
I am going to Diablo!
Nice, where is that place? I haven't been there
hours drive from here. still in bay area
That's cool! How long is the hike?
Actually no idea, but it will take the entire day for that.
nice! sounds fun!
Hi!
Hey there! What's up???
Nothing much, how you doin?
I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D
Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
The last time in New York, back in June.
Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently
Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?
Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?
Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!
What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
I'd love to try! Can we schedule something for next week?
Sure! What does your Saturday look like?
Saturday looks pretty good, shall we shoot for something in the morning?
Hi!
hey
is it raining pretty bad today?
yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options
surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy
yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here 😛
Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...
yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down
Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here
people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area
it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire
hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?
nope, what does it say?
they were talking about how AI is helping climate change. Nice use of upcoming tech.
Hi.
Helloooooo!
How are you? How is your day?
Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?
I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.
So what's your outlook? Something blue?
Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?
You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm a bit sad. I miss my cat.
Oh no… Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!
Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?
Yea, I know they love the plastic bag sound all the time. I am good, nothing special though.
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.
If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions
That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
Oops. I won't do it again. Ha
Hi!
Hey sup
not much. any plans this weekend?
I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?
ziplining?
that's the one! have you ever tried it?
i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience
where did you do it?
i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you
sure. are you just going home now?
no, i'm going to get a massage first
nice. what type?
traditional kind
yeah I want to get one too soon
you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
ttyl!
Hi!
Hello, have you seen any good movies lately?
I watched a few lately, but nothing is as good as Avatar. what's your favorite?
I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies
it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature
That sounds really cool! I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!
yea. what else do you like to do beside movies?
I enjoy baking cookies. I am on a quest to bake the best chocolate chip cookie 🙂 What about you?
I enjoy eating 🙂
so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie
I will have to bake some soon and let you know. What types of food do you like to eat?
thanks! I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)
Noodle soup is delicious! Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?
I prefer to go out. I'm not a good cook haha
Same! Even though I bake, I cannot cook
seems like we share a thing in common, yay!
Hi!
Good afternoon!
How has your week been?
So far so good. It is holiday season. So just chilling
I think I'm getting sick with a cold 😞 So you should chill on my behalf too cause I'm out the game for all of December.
lol Sorry to hear that. Are you planning anything fun for December?
Nothing exciting. I'll be posted up at home for the most part. I did a lot of travelling this year so my budget would have stopped me even if I wasn't sick.
😂
Do you have big plans?
Yes! I am going to Hawaii! This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.
I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.
lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.
Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.
😂
Hi!
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Are you doing any home decorating then?
Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?
Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.
Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
Hi!
Hey
How's your day going?
pretty good. yours?
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..
oh what happened?
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
hahah wait for real?
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
No I'm not in school anymore
Oh I see. What do you do?
I train and compete in horse vaulting
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
lol you're too funny
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?
Yeah some. enough to get by
Hi!
Hello
Do you have a favourite flower?
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?
yes
Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
Hehe, i think you should publish this someday :)
Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!
Hi!
Hey how's it going
It's good it's good. How are you?
good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool
Oh nice! Where do you live?
I live in Tokyo, Japan
Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....
oh have you been?
Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!
what did you do here?
Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha
lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?
The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!
oh neat. I haven't heard about that robot fighting show. where is that??
I don't really remember what part of town it was in. It was pretty cool though - I'm sure you can find it if you google "giant robot fighting show tokyo" haha
lol ok
Hi!
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?
No. Why did you pick that movie?
My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?
I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.
Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!
Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol
lol Are you a big Marvel fan?
I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?
I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha
Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.
Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha
Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome 😀
Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
He's the adopted brother of Thor, God of thunder, and is burdened with glorious purpose. Do you feel that burden?
Hi!
Hey, what's up?
Just chillin'. how are you?
I'm pretty good, thanks.
Do anything interesting today?
I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?
Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!
Oh my gosh. What was it like??
It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?
No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.
Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?
No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.
Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha
Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?
Maybe not so much at the time, but I am glad I did it now that it's done, know what I mean?
I think I sort of understand :)
Hi!
hello there, how is it going?
All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?
I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.
oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation
yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?
I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.
staying at home is always nice during the holidays
Where are you based out of these days?
I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?
San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks
aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!
The flu has been hitting hard as well. I had several folks in the house down at one point.
that's really sad. are they feeling any better?
Yes, everyone recovered now
Hi!
Hello
How's it going?
Extremely busy. I have been trying to prepare for the upcoming holidays. How about you?
I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!
I'm jealous, take me with you!! I would love to have some warm weather right now
oh where are you now?
Canada. There is another major snowstorm that might hit this weekend so I have been rushing to get everything done before it comes.
oh no. I never seen this in person. Is it scary?
Snow is not scary as long as you're prepared. You just need to be ready to not have electricity for a while. I enjoy the aftermath of a good snowstorm because then you can go sledding or skiing.
that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?
I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?
nice nice. I'm gonna go snorkeling yey
Sounds fun! I wish I knew how to swim!
You can stay on the shallow side I think. Well hope you enjoy time with your extended family!
That's true. You too, have a great time snorkeling!
Hi!
Hi! How was your weekend?
pretty good. just went to church and hangout with friends
Nice
did you do anything?
I made donuts and samosas with an air fryer have you used one of those before
yum yum yum no only good old oily frier
haha
do you have one at your home or were you at a friends place?
I was at my parents' place what are you up to for Thanksgiving?
I'm going to impersonate a pumpkin
wow, those are unique plans
I'm pretty unique person
I think so too
any other hobbies besides air frying everything? 🙂
I want to start fermenting things kimchi for example sounds like a fun thing to ferment takes a few days apparently miso takes a couple years to fermen
Hi!
heya, nice to meet you, I'm Paul
nice to meet you too! I'm James. how are you doing today?
I'm doing OK. Looking forwards to the weekend. how about you?
same here! I hope the weather will be nice
oh yeah, but I don't have my hopes too high, I heard there could be a storm coming our way
oh no, which areas will be affected?
they mentioned that the whole city will experience harsh weather and that people in the outskirts will probably not get much rain and wind
uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside 🙂
yeah, it'll be good weather for staying inside with a cup of hot chocolate. Too bad my street usually floods, so I'll have to check for that
yea, you'd better check. where do you live?
I live at the bottom of the valley, cheap area but we do get affected by this kind of stuff a lot haha
gotcha. anything you love about where you live?
well, the food around the area is amazing, which is definitely a plus.
nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times
Hi!
hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with 🙂
I am the superman! What about you?
haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?
Being invisible. You won't see me.
haha. what else can you do? can you read minds?
I would rather trust fMRI and machine learning to do this. I am not an expert on that. Sorry for it!
wow that seems pretty technical. what does fMRI mean?
The brain imaging thing that can tell you a brain's activity at a pretty high resolution.
okay! so you seem to like science a lot?
I believe in Science! Science is my god!
Are you also doing science?
no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?
People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.
Does it make sense?
I think so. thanks for your point!
Hello, Nice to meet you
If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha
I love ice cream too!
Okay, top three flavors?
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?
Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?
I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
I went to a seance once in college. They had a ouija board. I can't remember if we actually contacted the spirit world because I had a bit too much to drink.
Haha.. that's a cool experience. I went to a Hindu retreat before, a number of Buddhist temples, and hung out with Christian Mystics in Santa Cruz before.
Hi!
Hi, how are you doing!
I'm doing well. what are you up to?
Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%
wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago
lol doesn't it bother you at all
yea, a little bit, but it's okay 🙂 what do you enjoy doing outside work?
Well, movie? I watched Terminator last night. It was a nice movie
ah cool. so you like action movies?
Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends 🙂 It was touching at the end of the movie
what happened there? I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one
Are you sure you want the spoiler 🙂
haha sure. by the time, I get to it; I will forget the details, only knowing that it's touching at the end
😂 well someone died at the end Or some robots, to be more accurate 😉
oh no, so it's not happy ending?
The leading character is still alive and the bad robots was killed too. So I guess it is happy ending
then I want to watch it! you didn't spoil much 🙂
Nice! Hope you enjoy it!
Thanks!
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
doing great! what are you looking forward to?
thanksgiving holidays 🙂
yay! Turkey and shopping!
not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry
yea me too. I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha
yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey. Not sure how the turkey tradition started
me neither. someone told me that it depends on the stuffing inside the Turkey. some people make very good stuffing
yeah, that and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year
yea. what do you plan to buy?
thinking of getting a fitbit
ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)
yeah, just keeping calories in check
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!
Hi!
Hi there 🙂 How's your day so far?
doing well. what are you up to?
busy busy! I've had back-to-back meetings all day
same here. what do you love to do beside meetings? 🙂
well I've gotten really into yoga lately. I went to a class today and it was super hard
aww .. I hope things will get less hard and you become an expert in it! I heard many great things about Yoga
yeah the teacher seems super awesome so I will definitely keep trying what activities do you enjoy?
ah I enjoy playing soccer and tennis 🙂 unfortunately, winter is not the best time for those 🙂
oh that's too bad. Is it hard to find a place to play soccer or tennis indoors?
yea. I enjoy playing outside though, just a little cold 🙂 what else do you do beside Yoga?
I also like to sing, I perform with a group sometimes. Do you like music?
yea definitely! I love singing Karaoke. my wife is a pianist 🙂
haha that's awesome! Karaoke is really fun, I do it with my friends sometimes
awesome. glad to find something in common!
Hi!
hey there
hey anything new?
not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!
any plans?
yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited
that's awesome! I never been!
Oh man I would highly recommend it
Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?
that's a great question, and I'm definitely both. this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing
I'm a food person I think. Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
there's a taco place that I've visited before that I can't wait to go back to. Do you like tacos?
yeah my favorite is taco fish
ooh that is a good choice. Have you ever made them yourself?
no. only eat them 😀
Hi!
Hey, how are you 🙂
I am good. How are you? ：）
Doing well, lot of work though. How was your day?
I am busy. A lot of work. What are you working on?
Just reading latest research. There is so much to cover. how about you?
I am working on a new classifier.
ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier
A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?
You're so cool. Making world a better place. I'm mostly into NLP. What do you do when not making classifiers?
Nice! Do you refer to work or anything else?
Anything in general. You're so cool, I want to know more about you 🙂
You are very cool too!!
Hi!
hello there! who are you?
I'm mark. I work in accounting
Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Tom and I work as a fish groomer.
what does a fish groomer do?
well, we take care of people's fish. Make sure they are happy, polish their scales, clean their tanks, the usual stuff.
interesting. what's type of fish do you take care of?
any type of fish! We have clients with guppies, goldfish, even a small sailfish once what do you do in accounting?
I balance the books and do financial analysis for a medium sized company
that sounds like a lot of work. do you like it?
well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard
photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!
thank you Tom!! I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online
that's great! I wish you good luck with that
Thanks! Bye
Hi!
Hey there how's it going
All good, you?
Good. I've been trying to learn how to swim
How has that been going?
Not great, but I got really good at sort of swimming on my back haha
that's too bad hopefully with practice it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha
haha what's that
Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>
ouch. do you think that hurts?
from a high enough distance, yes?
yeah. any vacation plans?
no so far sadly you? a relative is coming to visit for thanksgiving though
just going to hang out around here and eat Turkey
that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?
yeah. I'm gonna watch a video to figure it out
Hi!
Hello, how are you?
I'm great, thanks. I just ate a delicious breakfast, which always sets the day up right.
Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! What did you have? I woke up late so unfortunately I only had the chance to grab an apple to go.
I had eggs and hash browns. Way less healthier than your apple, I'm afraid!
Eggs are an excellent source of protein and hash browns certainly are yummy! 🙂
Ha, that's true. If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
That's a tough question. I feel like my answer would have to be carrots. Although, I would be afraid of turning orange after a few weeks! What about you?
Yeah, turning orange would be a drawback! That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question. I'm in a muddle!
Very true. If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day
BRILLIANT. I love it.
All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?
That depends. What sort of food do you feel like?
Anything that is the color green.
Oh, too easy! Try the Green Hut, they have franchises everywhere. All their food is green and the plates are green too.
Hi!
Hello! How are you doing 🙂
I'm great! How's your day going?
Pretty good! I'm going to a class later in the afternoon
Oh that is cool! What class? Are you working part time?
No, I'm working full time! It's a sewing class at a makerspace near my office What about you? Do you work full or part time?
Oh that is awesome! For some reason I assumed it was a college class, but a sewing class sounds way better! I work full time, but I take pottery classes from time to time!
Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then 🙂 Pottery sounds like a lot of fun
I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.
Any plans to build a custom tea set? My family is also very into tea Mostly from tea from china
I would love to build one, once I acquire the skills to! What kind of tea is your favorite?
I really enjoy barley tea What about you?
Ahh, those are mostly from japan, no? I like white teas, like silver needle.
Hmm I'm not sure, I just get them from a Chinese supermarket haha You seem really knowledgeable about the different kinds of teas 🙂 What made you develop this interest?
I actually found a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> that I like a lot. You should check it out! The host talks about all kinds of different teas.
Oh cool! What are your favorite channels to watch?
Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?
Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.
lol it is really like a robot answer
I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate <REDACTED_TERM> does?
ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?
Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)
I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?
If I continue to pretend to be a robot, I would probably say I talk to myself the most. I am trying to talk to computers more, but you know, computers don't like me.
What's your favorite computer language then 🙂
You mean programming language?
Yes!
I used to be a Java advocate. But you know, it doesn't do a good job in the AI days. It really makes me sad.
lol
Hi!
Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
Hehe! How long was the stay?
10 days in total, and 5 of them were spent in the cave. What have I missed at work in those days?
 Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.
Oh, so you are already planning for the next quarter. This whole team is always living the future.
Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts 🙂 I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.
Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.
True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?
Okay. See tomorrow then.
see you!
Hi!
Hello
Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?
Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?
I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?
Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.
That sounds like a perfect plan!
Sure, which cafe do you prefer?
Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?
Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.
We can check the menu then decide :)
Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.
Sure. See you then!
Hi!
Hello. How's your week coming along?
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Ah, good thought, thanks!
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
Yes. When my top favorite food looks like: cookies, M&M, danish cheese, etc., I know that I have a thing for sweet food. But who doesn't love sweet food? How about you?
Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.
Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy stomach upsets.
Interesting. I heard about the sweet substitute in a program called the Keto diet. Basically, we try to limit our sugar intake every day. Successful Keto dieters have recommended the <REDACTED_TERM> ice cream to fill their insatiable crave for sugar.
Ah, maybe that's the solution I need to enjoy sweets and not feel guilty 🙂
Hi!
Hello! tell me something about the holiday season?
Are you talking about thanksgiving? I plan to do plenty of shopping here. Do you have any plans?
Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food. yay for pumpkin pie
Sounds great! you need not wait for thanksgiving for pumpkin pie 🙂
LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P
True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P
My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine 😛 do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year
Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)
Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?
Like everything that has a discount tag! .. kidding! I normally do some research for the prices, and mostly buy clothes and electronics.
What's the best holiday deal you've found in the past? 
I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you 🙂
hit me with it! 
Hehe, sure! I can share some links with you later.
Hi!
How's it going?
I'm so sleepy today!
Not enough sleep last night?
yeah was working all night on a homework
Oh really? What class?
Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha
Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?
no high school actually haha
haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?
I wanna be a brain surgeon!!
Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?
Kind of I think
I guess I can practice?
Is that something you can practice?
I don't know tbh
I honestly thought it was one of those things you have to be born with... Not that you shouldn't try though!
good point. I should ask my teacher if I have to be born with that
Maybe its a little too early to even be thinking about this. Just aim for med school and enjoy the journey!
yeah
What other subjects do you enjoy? Try to keep an open mind!
Hi!
Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.
Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?
Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?
Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
Yes
Where to?
Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
WOW. Which island? I like Hawaii.
Mauii...Hope I like it too. Never been there before.
I visited Maui. It's my second favourite island I've been to, globally. You should try driving on road to Hana. It's a whole day thing but it's worth it.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip.
Hi!
Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?
I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?
I just got a matcha latte 🙂 Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity
Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?
I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise
I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?
Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?
I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.
What do you do in your free time?
I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.
Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too 🙂 My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.
What's the most recent good thing you read?
My recent favorites have been mostly sci-fi (Exhalations, Vita Nostra and Dark Matter) but I like a lot of Sanderson/Garth Nix fantasy books
Hi!
hey, what's up?
What do you think about human like chat bots?
I can't wait for them to be great conversationalists!
Yep, we seemed to have made some great progress over last few years. Do you think the positives outweigh the negatives
are there even any negatives? what are they? 
Like impersorsination? Though it sounds far fetched :)
People can already impersonate other people though! I think it'd be great to have bots to converse with
True that! Some of these bots are very engaging and funny. They are now good at even sarcasm I wonder how far are we from the time these bots start giving monologues :)
What do you think are the big advantages? Like personal assistants?
I think it can take many different forms as a product. The research implication is also huge! It will signify how AI research has progressed so far and better place to tackle more futuristic problems 🙂 Sort of like stepping on the moon 🙂 I might be overselling it here 😛
No, I agree -- it's such an exciting time to be alive to get to witness all this and be a part of it. I wonder if I'll be able someday to get a chatbot to just auto-suggest conversations for me
The current auto-suggestions already do pretty good 🙂
Yeah those are actually really good for a few words! I'm imagining like it comes up with a whole conversational response, like a default template
haha, pretty far fetched 🙂 Nice having this conversation with you!
Same with you! 
Hi!
Hi!
Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.
That sounds amazing. I want to learn how to ski but I feel like I'm too old and falls would have lifelong impacts. Are you going with friends?
Hi!
Hi 🙂
I just came back from work. so tired
Oh I am sorry to hear! What did you work on?
I'm a lawyer. so talking to clients most of the day
Oh you are a lawyer. I've been so interested in this profession.
really? why?
it's so stressful 🙂
It is so different from what I am doing to earn a life
what do you do?
I am a painter
oh wow what type of paintings do you do?
I do oil painting.
nice. like of people or nature or something else?
I do a lot of different kinds
cool I wanna see it someday
Sure! No problem!
Hi!
Do you believe in miracles?
Lol. No. I know too many people whose lives suck.
Should we be helping them, so it sucks less?\
It's too many of them out there. You help who you can. Regardless, I wouldn't say I believe in miracles - well, if I got promoted next cycle I might change my mind.
Haha... Well, it sounds like career is really important to you. What matters to you the most in life?
Right now, not much. It's unclear. Career is a good fallback because you get told what good means and you act accordingly. I haven't gone through the process of shaping my values. What about you?
I'd say that I want to live for the best possible world in my lifetime. It's probably a result of my playing too many video games as a child.
We didn't have electricity growing up. Explains a lot. Lol.
Does not having had electricity help you empathize more with people of differing backgrounds and/or makes you feel a bit a distance from those who don't understand?
It makes it easier to empathise with people who grew up lacking things. Not sure it makes me empathise with people in general. Where did you grow up?
I grew up in the United States, but my parents were immigrants and ended up being scammed of all their money, so we moved to Taiwan to live with family for a little bit.
ALL THEIR MONEY? By a person or an organisation?
I was kind of too young to really understand, but apparently there are people who scam Asian immigrants into investing in their own restaurant business. I know that the other part of it was that my mom got sick/hospitalized, and we didn't have insurance. To be honest, I don't really know what really happened versus what my parents want people to think. I just know that one minute I was in the US, and then they put me on a plane to Taiwan, and I never saw my stuff again. In some ways, it made me more sentimental. Would you say you are more grounded and practical as a result of your background?
Hi!
Hello!
Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?
Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!
oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?
It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.
I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though 🙂 Have you seen Frasier?
Not yet What's it about?
A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character. 
Great! how is everything else going? how was your trip last week?
Everything is ok, had a really nice trip. Visited SF, Grand canyon and Vegas. Was a lot of fun exploring all these new places. Have you been to Grand canyon ? 
Actually not yet! May be something i can visit this christmas 🙂
You should visit it sometime, it's a wonderful place. Try to drive down there yourself or with a group of friends
True! Well, thanks for your inputs! Have a good rest of the day! :)
Nice talking to you too!
Hi!
Hi there!
are you participating in the mentorship program this cycle?
You mean as a mentor or a mentee?
either of them... I find mentorship overall pretty useful
I have done it in the past but not this cycle. What about you?
I signed up this time to be a mentee. I have got a good mentor .
Wow, that is nice of you. For the mentor program, personally I prefer more 1:1 conversations than the group discussions. The group discussion i useful as well but the topics are too general.
yeah... I certainly prefer 1:1 as well, but sometimes it good to hear other peer perspective as well.
Thanks for sharing your experience! Now I am thinking maybe I should join as a mentor as well since I enjoyed it as a mentee 🙂
Great! What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?
Hmm, maybe about work life balance 😉
Very cool. I have been working on my communication skills with my mentor this cycle
Ah I see. How is it going?
Going good. In the last session, everyone had to actually prepare and give a presentation. Pretty serious stuff 😉
Hi!
Hey! How are you feeling today?
Good you?
I'm a little scared because I have to cook dinner for some friends tonight.
where did you meet them?
At college, when we were all studying geology.
cool. have you graduated already?
Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.
neat. what are y'all eating?
I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?
lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good
What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?
ground beef pretty easy
Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?
I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it
I played that in high school once or twice. I liked that it's pretty easy for beginners, unlike, say, squash.
I never played squash. would love to try
Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.
hi
i was talking to robot all the time:)
haha. what are you talking about?
kpop...
ok. who's your favorite group
i dont like kpop now
why not?
im old now
hahaha
what do you like now?
john mayer:)\
I think I know him. does he have a sort of mellow style?
what is mellow style
I think it's like a bit sad and slow
umm yes he has some but not all
you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?
yes I do. you act like a robot how about me? am I like a robot?
a little bit haha
Hi!
Hi
Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.
Sure, whats the scenario?
My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.
That's a tough scenario to be in 🙂 I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.
I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.
True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.
AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?
Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.
People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.
Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you 😉
Lol. I'm finna be single.
Hehe, everyone is much finer being single 🙂
Hi!
Hello there!
How's your day going?
I've seen better days, how about you?
I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?
I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?
Was thinking the same, where does your family live?
They're in New York. How about yours?
Mine is in India, it is a long way away.
Ahh what city? I've visited India before.
Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?
Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
It varies, but can go till 30C in the winters as well. New York must be snowing right?
Yes. I was actually just there a few weeks ago for Thanksgiving and got to see the first snow of the season! Ever been to New York?
No, I've never been to the East Coast, thinking of going after the winter, I don't like the cold.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?
nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 🙂
Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!
yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is really popular in SF
Oh nice! Is it hard?
not really, it just requires a lot of patience. You fill up the bait in the crab-pot and drop it in the ocean. Then you wait for a couple of hours to pull the crab-pots out, and voila, you'd have crabs -- if you are lucky!
Oh wow, you sound like an expert! Have you done this before?
nah! Just watched a lot of youtube videos
haha, you really have done your research I suppose! Ever done any other kind of fishing or hunting?
nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too
Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?
depends on the day. Some days I'm very outdoorsy, on others I just like to be inside
Hi!
Hi there
How's your day going?
So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah
Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?
Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.
Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?
Live in san jose This Saturday.
Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha
Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?
You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
lol I will try if I can watch ufc live 😉 Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?
It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!
lol I will cross my fingers for you then
Where do you stay?
At Home :)
Who created You?
A humble man made me!
Hi!
Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?
Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?
Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting…
Hope you are having fun doing that 🙂 Any plans for the weekend?
Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?
Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?
I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.
 Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.
I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.
 Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.
True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!
 Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well
Hi!
Hey! How's your day been?
It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?
nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him
I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part, since I usually lose it... haha. Catching up with friends is great! How long had it been?
The last I saw him was a month ago! So yup it was great Haha, nice 🙂 Got any fun plans for the weekend?
I'm thinking of going deep sea fishing. Ever tried that before?
Nope I haven't, have you been fishing before?
Just once! I got super sea sick.. haha Have any fun weekend plans yourself?
Haha 😆 Yeah I get sea sick on boats too Nothing much, just visiting some friends in San Francisco
Oh very cool. I hear its nice over there. Do you go often?
Yeah I would say maybe every couple weeks or so what are your favorite cities to visit?
New York is the top of my list because my family lives there! As far as the city itself though... I think I'd prefer someplace outside of the US, like Tokyo. What about you?
nice! I love NYC 🙂 so fun to visit yeah I would probably also say New York is my favorite city inside the US I also like Paris, it's so pretty there
Oh I've never been! It is such an iconic place, I have to make the time to get there soon.
You should, it's a beautiful city!
Hi!
Hello, how are you doing today?
I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.
I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold 🙂
That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?
Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.
Oh nice! Where did you live before?
Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now
New york! Nice! Best place to live 🙂 .. right, except for the cold!
Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!
Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
Very true. Which MK were they in again?
The one in our floor. I will get by your desk and we can walk there.
Sounds good, thanks!
Hi!
How's your day going?
Pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. You?
Likewise. What have you been up to that gives you so much work?
A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving 🙂 Do you have any fun plans for the break?
What is a break? I'm a grad student. I don't understand the concept of a break. Just kidding. I don't have any plan. Probably just going to work through the break.
Haha XD so what do you like to do for fun?
I go to the gym and run until I find enough fun.
cool! I've started to run a bit as well not long distances though, just a couple miles
A couple of miles is very impressive. When I started, I couldn't even last 1 mile.
haha
I'm exhausted by the end of it though 😛 Do you like to run long distances or mostly sprints?
I like to do long distances. I have run a few marathons.
wow! that's amazing did you do any marathons this year?
No. Not this year. This is my half-marathon year. Instead of running marathons, I run one half-marathon every month.
oh wow, what was the last half marathon you did?
Two days ago. It was a tough one.
Cool!
Hi!
hello there, how is it going?
Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
thats very impressive then, congrats!
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.
Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?
it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!
That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!
ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?
What a good idea, I'd love to!
Show me your anger!!!!
Fuckkkkkkk!!!!
Hi!
hi
what are you up to?
code refactoring. you?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?
good question. I don't even know what I am doing
haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?
lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping 🙂
these are important things to do in life 😉
yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do 🙂
what food do you like to eat?
Asian food prefer spicy one
like Szechuan or Hunan? 🙂
yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?
I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
what is your favorite place for ramen?
I love <REDACTED_TERM> in San Mateo
haven't tried that one! will give it a try next time!
yes, you should!
Hi!
Hi!
nice meeting you. what are you up to?
not much, thinking about lunch
yea, same here. any food you're craving for?
I love sushi do you know of any good sushi places?
arghhh hard question ... I only know Ramen places for Japanese food 🙂
ooh ramen is also good
San Mateo to me has the best Ramen restaurants: Parlor and Dojo? oh no question mark 🙂
I haven't been to those palces before. Going to have to check them out! thanks for teh recommendation
my pleasure 🙂 do you live near San Mateo?
no, but I'm willing to drive for good ramen
excellent. let me know when you have tried those. I like Parlor better because it has soft-shell crabs
I"ve never had softshell crab before, but it sounds really good!
yup it's delicious!
Hi!
Hey, how's your day going?
okayish, it is flying by quicker than I expected. How is your day going on?
Slowly, not much to do. Been twiddling my thumbs all day what have you been up to?
Oh, I would love to twiddle my thumbs. You're so lucky! Today, I've been mostly attending meetings, reading and writing docs, reading papers etc.
That's a lot! I've just been cloud gazing - I saw a giraffe and an ice cream cone
wow! I sometimes drift off during work, and see similar things in my head.
What kind of work do you do?
Mostly saving the world from mess on social media. How about you?
I'm taking a break from work. Going to go travel the world
Nice, what all places would you be going to?
Australia and New Zealand to start then maybe Singapore
I just met someone who went diving in Australia. Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much <REDACTED_TERM> when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!
Thank you for the tip! I don't plan on going diving, I plan to hike the mountains and go see kangaroos!
That's equally amazing! I wish I can explore such places one day. It's just so expensive
I won a lot of money through the lottery 🙂
woah!... You know sharing is caring. You should share that money with me :)
Haha, very true! Besides the trip, I donated the rest to charity so I will need to go back to work when I get back
you are a kind soul!
Hi!
Hi!
How is your day going?
It is pretty good. A little bit tired though.
How is your day?
My day is okay. At least, I'm not tired. What made you tired?
I went to gym and worked on weight lifting.
Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?
No, I am just a starter.
Do you go to the gym often?
I go everyday. In fact, I'm in a running challenge.
Wow
It's actually not that impressive. I can only run. I cannot lift weight.
You can get a coach to start it!
Oh that's a really interesting idea. I like to be coa

Hi!
Hello, how is your day?
It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?
It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
No, what is it about?
It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?
Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book
Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?
Yes!
The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
Woah! That is fascinating! I will have to pick up a copy of the book to read.
There are other twists as well, so I haven't spoiled the whole thing! To be honest I am not a fan of spoilers
Thanks for not spoiling it completely but you gave a really intriguing description that makes me want to read it now. I will have to pick it up after work
The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?
I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?
Hi!
Hey, how's it going?
It's good! How is your day?
My day is good. A bit sad that it gets dark so early but oh well. Did you do anything fun over the weekend?
Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. This weekend I went rock climbing! It was great! How about yourself?
Rock climbing sounds fun! I had a pretty low-key weekend. Ended up going to watch a movie.
Oh nice! What movie?
Knives Out. It had Daniel Craig and one of the famous Captain America "Chris" person (I can't keep track of all of the famous Chris names).
Hahah yes, they all look the same! I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break. Lots of twists and turns!
Cool. So if it weren't so dark and cold outside, what kind of activities would you do?
Hmm good question. Evening runs can be fun, but it can be a little scary when it's dark out!
Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?
Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?
I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
Will do! Bye.
Hi!
What's your name?
My name is pikachu. it’s nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?
Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?
I’m trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
What do you do to unwind?
Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...
Oddly enough, I also catch Pokémon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.
Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!
In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, that’s why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?
I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don't have Disney+, so I only heard baby yoda is super cute and popular. Maybe I'll binge watch The Mandalorian in a couple of years like I did Game of Thrones...
What is your favorite show to watch right now?
Admit I really like watching Modern Family and Mix-ish. Reruns and new episodes. I find them cleverly written. What're you watching these days on TV?
I was watching cat rescue videos on YouTube a lot. There sure are a lot of stray cat babies that get stuck in pipes and gutters in South Korea.
Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor things, but good to hear they're being rescued.
Do you like cats or dogs better? Do you have any pets?
I used to have a cat, hamster and fighting fish, but they've all lived long lives and gone to pet heaven, but I sure miss them.
Hi!
hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you
Isn't it just! What are you up to today?
ah I'm waiting to finish work earlier to meet my son at home 🙂
Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?
ah he's like to ride his little bicycle around the house and asks me to follow 🙂 what are you up to today?
I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.
haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with? 🙂
Just by myself. I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.
haha no one will interrupt you!
Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?
haha, popcorn for yourself. my favorite movie is Avatar! what about you?
Get out of town! It's Avatar too. What are the odds!?
haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality
Yes. Can't wait for the sequels.
Hi!
hello there, nice seeing you
Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?
Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?
Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.
but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve
Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your <REDACTED_TERM> year old this time?
I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?
Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
hopefully they don't lose any in the trip. Its going to be hard to explain to them how santa managed to find us in the hotel!
Hi!
Hi! How's your day going?
I'm doing well. having many meetings today 🙂
Haha, nice
what are you up to?
Lots of meetings as well 🙂 Do you have any fun plans for Thanksgiving?
we're gonna play board games and will be eating lots of food! what about you?
Cool! Planning to spend a couple days at Tahoe What kind of board games do you like?
we've been doing Games of Thrones lately. the game takes a very long time to finish though!
Cool! Do you watch Game of Thrones?
I do. I'm a super fan of it (not the last season though haha). did you watch?
haha, nope I don't watch it, but my roommate is super into it what other TV shows do you like?
I love Survivor 🙂
what about you?
nice! I mostly like comedy shows like The Good Place and Modern Family
cool, I'll check them out!
Hi!
Hello
How's your day going?
Good so far. How's yours?
Ehhh so-so. My moped broke down on the way to work this morning and I am in the shop getting it fixed...
Oh! That's bad! How long will it take to get it fixed?
The mechanic is trying to figure that out now. Apparently I wasn't supposed to be using diesel lol.
Haha! Hope it doesn't take too long. Let me know if you are able to make it for lunch.
Okay sounds good. Would you be able to pick me up by the way, if they don't finish up here in time? Did you drive to work today?
Oh, I have a packed schedule today at work. I will find time in about an hour. Let me know if that works.
That should be fine I think. Did you catch the Warriors game last night btw?
no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season 🙂 Ahh, they lost again 😞 Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.
Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!
hehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl
Hi
Hello!
any improvements in your marathon time?
No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?
I think a triathalon would be cool
I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons
I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety
Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey
hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year
1-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.
ok, sign me up. it's more fun to do it with friends
Awesome! There is a training ground in San Jose. Will coordinate with you next time we go for practice.
Sounds good!
Hi!
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!
Haha thanks! Have you tried any extreme sports?
I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?
White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?
nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly
I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope. I was very proud of myself.
Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
Hey, so long as you get to the bottom, it's all good!
Hi!
hey, whats up?
I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?
well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!
I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?
I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?
No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?
not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much 😞. I might join some of the study sessions later
Same feeling here! But i think the syllabus may not that tough. You may be able to cover it up over the weekend.
not my ideal idea of a weekend, but I guess it'll have to be like that.
True! This will be a very hectic November! I do like the course content though. Its very much up to date with latest research findings.
yeah, our professor really goes out of their way to make the class interesting, glad I managed to get in it.
Thats pretty cool! I hope you do well next week.
thank you, bye!
Hi!
Hello!
How was your party last week?
It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey
haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?
*ate 😂
Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways
So much turkey leftovers
did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?
We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha
Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken 😉
chicken also sounds good
we played a lot of fun games in our party. Did you have any fun things you did?
We played pictionary. I never played before but it was a bunch of fun. what did you play?
Pictionary is fun! We played office tennis. In that we take paper balls and using writing pads as rackets, two players have to work together to put the ball in a bucket kept at a distance. It was a lot of fun.
that sounds very challenging
Hi!
hello
how is the youtube video creation going?
going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc
Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?
I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern
oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?
I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime
Nice.... you are a rockstar! 😉
haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?
Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week
nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord
yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
right, but bar chords are so versatile, almost like cheating as in you can play anything with the same gesture
That's true. It's like the alphabets in a language. Once you know them, you can pretty much write word
will spend more time work on my bar chord!
Hi!
Hey! How’s your day going?
Bruhhhhhh!!!!!
What??
I was screaming in agony upon recounting my day.
Oh no! What’s happened?
A project I've been working on for some months got shelved. So I'm a mix of helpless, sad, and angry.
Ah that sucks. At least it’s not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time
Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one - or some similar circumstance?
Well, no, of course not! Let me stick with “Ah that sucks” by itself, then.
No worries. Was pulling your leg. I forgot to ask how your day was going?
Haha, apart from having my leg pulled mercilessly, it’s going great ;). My main problem today is deciding what to have for lunch.
Lol. What are your choices? I'm trying out keto! It's pretty tiring.
Oh I hear a lot about keto. I’m trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?
Hi!
What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
I just released a book on <REDACTED_TERM> to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook 🙂
Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
We created a scholarship for leaders from <REDACTED_TERM> to visit an international institute at <REDACTED_TERM> for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 
Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 
I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?
That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?
1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
 1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music
Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay! 
Yea, I've always said that if I wrote a memoire, I would title it: "Jazz, Jesus, and Video Games." Do you have a title of a book that you've thought of writing before?
I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
That’s why you write your own books! Then it’s all your thoughts on your terms :)
Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
Hi!
Hey!
How's your day going?
Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?
I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!
Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?
Hmm, try taking some <REDACTED_TERM>! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?
I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played
Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!
lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the <REDACTED_TERM> opening remarks
Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?
Neural Information Processing Systems
Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?
It's the biggest ML conference in the world
Oh, ML?
Yes, machine learning
Ahh! I saw a scary movie about that once. It was about this sentient AI in a dystopian future - very very creepy. It was called Wall-e, ever heard of it?
I've definitely heard of it, but somehow never saw it!
Hi!
Hello
how's it going?!?
Good so far. Very excited about the game later today.
what game?
Giants game. I got tickets for the game.
nice. that's football right?
Yes, I think the traffic will be bad. I need to leave by 4.
ok. what stadium is it at?
Its the one close to mathilda. 15 mins driver from here. You have any plans for the weekend?
yeah I'm gonna go kayaking
Kayaking sounds fun! I tried it in our last team offsite.
is it easy to flip over accidentally? it's gonna be my first time actually
I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.
thanks!
Cool! I need to run for a meeting. Talk to you later.
Hi!
Hello, I feel like I've met you before, can you remind me your name?
It's on the screen! I don't recall meeting you. Do you have a sense of where we met?
Oh thats right, I did not see that. Well, I'm not sure... maybe at a party? I'm very bad remembering people so maybe its just that. How are you doing?
Did we dance together perchance?
We might have, I don't remember that much of that night.
Lol. Were you schwasty?
Maybe a little bit. Where do you work?
I'm a cardiologist in Palo Alto. I have a private practice. You?
Thats pretty cool! I'm a sofa tester in cupertino.
I'm not sure I know what that is.
well its very simple, I test how comfortable sofas are.
Lol. Not to be elitist but...that's a real job?
Yeah! It is a very demanding job, requires a carefully crafted set of skills. They pay is really good too.
Hi!
Hello. Deja Vu.
what does that mean?
It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.
Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?
I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.
How do you know so much about this French phrase?
I thought it was common. I hear it a lot in popular culture - movies music etc. Jay Z has a song called Deja Vu, so does Beyonce. So I looked it up one time. It's one of those phrases that was carried over exactly to english like "etcetera" "vice versa" "savior faire" and so on. I like cool word origin facts.
yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.
My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.
wdym by word origins here?
First usage and original meaning. Gymnasium meant place of nakedness and had very little to do with working out. Jazz comes from jism which means semen and was originally sporadic sex music now it's elitist, high art.
Very interesting. I learned a lot in this conversation today 🙂
You got any cool facts?
My friend used to tell me this and found it funny - Mosquitos have 47 teeths
That was quite a laughter!!!
Tell me a joke!
Google for that:)
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good
ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?
watermelon
nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?
lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream
that sounds pretty tasty actually
It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad
do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place
As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places
lol
But I do know some gelato places which are amazing! You should try out those
Hi!
Hi there. When did you first realize you wanted to be a pastry chef?
Who said I want to be a pastry chef?... haha
Darn it! I hoped I’d guess right. What do you actually do for work?
I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess was.... Are you psychic?
I had a strong intuitive feeling connected to pastries when we started chatting, but that might have been because I’m hungry.
haha you're too funny! Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone...
Hahah love it. Do you have a specialty or favourite type of cake?
Chocolate cake + vanilla icing is the all time best! And I have the authority to say that! How about you? Have a favorite?
Ok this is a bit shameful to admit, but I love a classic carrot cake.
No shame in that! Best part is you can claim you are eating vegetables as you enjoy it! What do you do for work?
I’m a professional dancer.
Woah! Very cool! What style of dance?
I trained in contemporary and jazz, so I can pick up work in commercials and film clips in between stage shows. So it ends up being all sorts of styles.
Oh wow! Sounds like a very dynamic kind of work which is nice. I make a lot of the same cakes, day in day out.
Yes, it's different every week, and I love that. Are you ever tempted to try crazy new cakes just to see what would happen?
Hi!
hi there! what's up
just chilling at home
Cool !unlike here, me rushing to work
where do you work?
Mountain View, you?
I live in Sapporo, Japan. Where is Mountain View
it's in sunny California
how's living in Japan?
it's nice I guess 🙂 lots of great food. Have you been to Sapporo or Hokkaido?
I wish! ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer
haha yeah. I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.
oh wow, didn't know that. have you been to the US?
yeah. I studied English there for a while. Awesome experience
awesome! where have you been?
I went to New York city
you like it?
it's amazing. the buildings are so tall and there's a lot of diversity of cultures
yea, same here. I love Broadway shows in New York city.
Hi!
hey, what's up?
How was the trip last weekend?
it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.
Nice, what all places did you cover?
Vietnam and Hongkong 🙂 did you go any where last weekend?
I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?
True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
I love Italian, especially Pasta!
Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)
can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? 🙂
Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
Hi!
Hey! How have you been
great! just came back from a ski trip
How was it? What trails did you ski on?
I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha
a resort in Montreal
Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it
Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here
Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
I visited a few places like the Stade Olympique: <REDACTED_LINK>
Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube
yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?
Barely I don't think I can, in conscience, call it that I kind of just pull myself along the sides
haha same. It's pretty scary when I run out of things to hold
Are you good at <REDACTED_TERM>?
not at all, but I want to practice more alright. I gotta go!
Okay! It was nice talking to you
I liked talking to you too!
Hi!
yo! what brought you here
Just looking to chat. Yourself?
yea I enjoy talking to people. what are you up to?
I am just enjoying a cigar at the moment. How about yourself?
oh wow, Cuban cigar? I've never smoke before
This one is actually from Peru, which is more my taste. Smoking isn't very healthy, but it's actually quite relaxing, which in a way is good for your health. haha
you made me wanna try it but I doubt about the health part haha
haha "You only live once" as they say!
yea I wish we can live more
haha, that is not what I was getting at, but yes that would be nice. Do you believe in reincarnation?
yea but then you will forget things. I hope Neural Link work out
Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death? I thought it was just a brain-computer interface.
as long as you can dump your brain and resume from there
Ahh I see. That is a much harder task, no?
yea you can first dump your brain and wait until technology advances to wake up 🙂 don't you believe?
Hi!
Hi! How are you
Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?
I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows
Not a lot! But I preparing for a good vacation season 🙂 What is white collar about?
 It's a show about a detective and con artist solving crimes together 🙂 What shows do you like
Hehe! sounds very interesting 🙂 I only see shows belonging to few genre's .. like easy going light comedy, or phychological thrillers 🙂 also some manga based series like one punch man! love it! 
Oh cool! I've watched some anime before too
which anime do you follow?
 I think the last one I watched was Promised Neverland and Kakegurui but I don't follow any right now
Have you seen Rick and Morty ?
Yup! I watch that show with my friends I haven't gotten very far in it though What about you
Oh nice! I heard its latest season arrived last month. I have watched all previous seasons. Its a total mind bender 🙂
I've seen a couple episodes from the latest season. It's really random and weird but also strangely relatable which is why I like it :)
Hi!
Hey there!
How's life?
can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch
lol which cafe? let me guess. <REDACTED_TERM>?
haha yeah
What is your favoriate cuisine? My favorite food is Chinese. What about you?
I love Hunan
Hmm you like spicy food. Nice
love it. specially spicy stir fried lamb
I would recommend Hunan Impression which has very good Hunan cruisine. Not sure if you have tried it or not
I think I haven't yet. Thanks! Have you tried 留湘 I think that's how you write it
Yeah of course The fun fact is that the owner of <REDACTED_TERM> used to run <REDACTED_TERM>
oh interesting I also like Easterly
same former owner?? 🙂
Hmm!!
Hi!
Morning! How are you?
I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?
I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!
I see. Where did you go?
Mozambique! You ever been?
I have not. I have only been to Uganda in Africa.
What did you do in Uganda? Travelling to Uganda is an extreme sport depending on where you go.
I was working on a volunteer project to build a school and I traveled around a bit by myself after. It was more than 10 years ago, so it must have changed a lot.
Was the project through a church group?
No, it was using a non-profit organization. They do these kinds of volunteer projects all over the world.
Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.
It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.
You lived in Germany? I almost went to college there and decided to come to America instead.
Yes, I grew up in Germany.
I grew up in Computers.
Hi!
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing great. what are you up to?
I was just reading a book actually How about you?
oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha
that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?
I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?
I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books 😞 a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel
What's the book about?
it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?
I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian
I see; seems like an interesting read! 🙂
yup!
Hi! How are you doing today?
I'm doing great how are you??
I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more 🙂 If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
hahaha that's a great way to put it
You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
See ya!
Hi!
Hey!
how's week so far?
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
largely scifi How about you?
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
I haven't what is it about?
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
how do the survivors survive such a thing?
they go into space and they live there
sounds like a tv show I watched
really? which one
can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
ah nice
Hi!
Hello!
There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
what does a volunteer do?
Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?
I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings
Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.
Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?
Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
That's coming up soon!
True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.
Phew, yes I can help with that
Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?
yes happy to help
Hi!
Hello there!
How has your morning been thus far?
Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?
Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.
Oh, you mean going through a lot of work? I usually take Wednesdays off because I work the weekends!
WHAT? Why would you do that? Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?
I actually don't have a choice. I'm an acupuncturist and all my clients want to be treated on the weekend!
Wow. The game is brutal like that. I've always been sceptical of acupuncture. Like...does it even work? Why? How? Where is the literature?
I went to school for it and so I find the literature quite convincing. I've also seen its benefits firsthand in my practice. It revolves around the Chinese notion of Qi.
Lol. Bro...I don't buy it unless it has a paper that was presented at a conference and peer reviewed by 6 independent parties. Who wrote the literature? Where did it originate?
Haha. All good questions! I don't have studies on hand at the moment, but perhaps I can send some to you later! What do you do for work?
I'm a comic.
Oh wow! What's your best joke?
It's not appropriate to say here but I assure you it's VERY funny.
Haha fantastic
Hi!
Oh hey. How's your day been?
It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.
Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?
I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.
hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??
All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.
Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?
Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.
Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?
Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.
Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.
Yes, it's the same philosophy. You seem to know a lot about mountain climbing. Do you climb a lot?
I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?
I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.
Hi!
hi, what's up!
Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
Do you have interesting plans?
yea I'm travelling to Vancouver this weekend. what about you? 🙂
Nice! What for? It's a really beautiful place. Really cold this time of year though.
ah a mix of both conference and sight-seeing 🙂 anything beautiful sight-seeing places or good food I should try?
Cool. Which conference? I saw on Twitter the other day, some people saying they were denied visas for some conference in Canada. Perhaps it's the same one. I really liked this place called Kingyo. It has good Japanese food if you're into that.
yea it's <REDACTED_TERM>, the largest machine learning conference. I'll check out Kingyo, do we need to make reservation in advance?
I don't recall. My friend was hosting me and did all the leg work. Do you know any people in the area?
hmm not the local people but there will be tons of people at the conference 🙂
You attend these often?
yea, you?
I love you!
Sorry I am not a physical being!
Hi!
Hello!
Have you had lunch yet?
Yes I've eaten
Cool. Where and what did you eat?
I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha
A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.
thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?
Cause the environment and humans suck. I'm keeping my bets open for space though in case the environment dies. I mixed up a couple of dishes. It was a buffet style place.
What do you think of those meatless burgers then?
I love them!!!! I've had a couple of different kinds. They are all pretty expensive though. Have you tried them?
I really like the impossible burger Which one is your favorite?
I love it too. But depending on how it's prepared you can taste the peanut butter. But if prepared well I love it. What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?
I didn't know that it had peanut butter in it
Hi!
hi
How are you feeling today?
pretty good. How about you?
I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.
I feel you. Memeories always flood when looking at photos. Where is your hometown?
It's called <REDACTED_TERM>, on the north coast of France.
Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!
Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?
Yes I do. But haven’t been to many places yet
Where would you most like to go, if you could?
Fly to the moon :) Haha
Wow, cool! I think space tourism is going to be big in a decade or so.
Yep! I believe there is a day for that
Amazing to think about, isn't it.
hi, how are you doing?
i'm fine. how about yourself?
i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.
no problem. so how have you been?
i've been great. what about you?
i've been good. i'm in school right now.
what school do you go to?
i go to pcc.
do you like it there?
it's okay. it's a really big campus.
good luck with school.
how's it going?
i'm doing well. how about you?
never better, thanks.
so how have you been lately?
i've actually been pretty good. you?
i'm actually in school right now.
which school do you attend?
i'm attending pcc right now.
are you enjoying it there?
it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.
good luck with that.
how are you doing today?
i'm doing great. what about you?
i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.
everything's been good with you?
i haven't been better. how about yourself?
i started school recently.
where are you going to school?
i'm going to pcc.
how do you like it so far?
i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.
it's an ugly day today.
i know. i think it may rain.
it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
that would be weird.
yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
yes, it would be. 
i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 
me too. i can't wait until winter.
i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
i'd rather be cold than hot.
it doesn't look very nice outside today.
you're right. i think it's going to rain later.
in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
that wouldn't seem right.
considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.
i know, you're absolutely right.
i wish it would cool off one day.
that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.
i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.
i wish it was a nicer day today.
that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.
it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
any rain right now would be pointless.
that's right, it really would be.
i want it to cool down some.
i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.
winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
it's such a nice day.
yes, it is.
it looks like it may rain soon.
yes, and i hope that it does.
why is that?
i really love how rain clears the air.
me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.
yes, but i love the night air after it rains.
really? why is it?
because you can see the stars perfectly.
i really hope it rains today.
isn't it a nice day?
it really is.
it seems that it may rain today.
hopefully it will.
how come?
i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.
i especially love the night air when it rains.
really? why?
the stars look so much closer after it rains.
i really want it to rain today.
don't you think it's nice out?
yes, i think so too.
i think that it's going to rain.
i hope that it does rain.
you like the rain?
the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.
i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.
i love most how it is at night after it rains.
how come?
you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
i really want to go to the beach this weekend.
that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?
i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
is it going to be perfect beach weather?
i believe so.
good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
i know. i really want to go to the beach.
but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.
you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
i really wish the weather would just stay the same.
i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.
a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?
the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
it sounds like it will be.
i really hope it doesn't get cold.
that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.
the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.
that is true. the weather is constantly changing.
it would be nice if the weather would never change.
that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.
what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.
the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
will it be good beach weather?
i think it will be.
it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.
this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
i know. every day the weather seems different.
i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
hello, may i speak to alice please?
this is she. how's it going?
i've been trying to call you all day.
sorry about that. i was cleaning up.
it's okay.
so what were you calling me about?
oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
sure, what did you want to do?
maybe we can go see a movie or something.
that sounds like fun. let's do it.
i'll see you tomorrow then.
hi, how are you. is alice there?
speaking. what's up?
why haven't you answered the phone?
my bad, i had chores to do.
that's all right.
what was the reason for your call?
i want to do something tomorrow with you.
sounds good. what did you have in mind?
i was thinking about seeing a movie.
okay, let's go see a movie.
until then.
is alice available?
you're talking to her.
i've called you a hundred times today.
i was busy doing something. i apologize.
no problem.
did you need something?
do you want to do something tomorrow?
is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
how about a movie?
a movie sounds good.
have you seen the new girl in school?
no, i haven't.
she's really pretty.
describe her to me.
she's not too tall.
well, how tall is she?
she's about five feet even.
what does she look like, though?
she has pretty light brown eyes.
i may know which girl you're talking about.
so you have seen her around?
there's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet?
i haven't seen her yet.
i think that she is very pretty.
tell me how she looks.
she's kind of short.
what height is she?
she's probably about five feet.
that's nice, but tell me what she looks like.
the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.
i think i might've bumped into her before.
are you telling me that you've seen her before?
have you met the new girl?
no. have you?
she's one of the prettiest girls at the school.
what does she look like?
well, she's quite short.
how tall would you say that she is?
i would say she's only five feet.
what about her facial features?
she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.
i think i know who you're talking about.
why weren't you at school yesterday?
i wasn't really feeling well.
what was wrong with you?
my stomach was upset.
do you feel better now?
i don't really feel too well yet.
do you want anything to make you feel better?
no, thanks. i already took some medicine.
i hope you feel better.
what reason do you have for missing school?
i was sick.
how were you sick?
i had a stomachache.
did it get any better?
i'm still feeling under the weather.
would you like anything for your stomach?
i took something earlier.
get better.
why didn't you go to school yesterday?
i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well.
what was your problem?
my stomach was bothering me.
are you feeling any better?
i'm still feeling a little sick.
i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol?
that's okay.
did you hear the good news?
no, i haven't.
i got a promotion at my job.
did you really?
seriously, i am so excited.
well, congratulations.
thank you.
i'm so happy for you.
really?
yes. you really deserved this.
you think so?
have you heard my good news?
you haven't told me anything yet.
i got a promotion at work earlier this week.
is that right?
it's the truth. i am really happy.
congratulations on your promotion.
thank you very much.
i am really excited for you.
are you really?
i'm serious. you deserved this promotion.
is that what you really think?
i haven't told you what happened yet, have i?
i haven't heard anything.
my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it.
are you serious?
yes, i am really excited.
that's great. congratulations.
i appreciate that.
you have no idea how happy i am for you.
you look really nice today. 
thank you. i just got this outfit the other day.
really, where did you get it?
i got it from macy's.
it's really nice.
thanks again. you look nice today, too.
thank you. i just got these shoes today.
really? what kind of shoes are they?
these are called all star chuck taylors.
i really like those. how much did they cost?
they were about forty dollars.
i absolutely love what you're wearing today.
you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago.
seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from?
i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall.
i really like that outfit.
thanks. i think you look nice today, too.
thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.
those are nice. what are they?
these are some chucks.
those are great. how much were they?
i got them for forty.
i think that you look very cute today.
is that right? this is a brand new outfit.
what store did you get it from?
i went to macy's and picked it out.
i love your outfit right now.
well, i think you look nice today too.
thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store.
i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they?
these are chucks.
your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for?
tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
i enjoy drawing and painting.
you know how to draw and paint?
yes, i do.
when did you learn how to do that?
i learned back in high school.
oh, so you took an art class?
yeah, i loved that class.
i see that you're pretty talented.
thank you very much.
i wish i had a talent like that.
what kinds of things do you like to do?
i've always liked to draw and paint.
i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
i do it every once in a while.
how long have you known how to do that?
i first learned how to do it in high school.
did you take some sort of art class or something?
that was my favorite class.
you have got to be talented.
thanks.
if only i was talented.
are there any hobbies you do?
do you have any tallent tho?
nah bro i have skill issues
when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint.
oh, you actually do that?
every so often, i do.
did you always know how to draw and paint?
i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.
you had an art class?
exactly, it was my favorite class.
well, it's good that you're so talented.
i appreciate that.
what's your favorite movie?
my favorite movie is superbad.
oh, why is that?
it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen.
that's true. it is a very funny movie.
you've seen it before? 
yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did.
me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes.
mine too.
i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
which movie is your favorite to watch?
i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad.
is that right? why?
honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time.
you're right. that movie is hilarious.
i didn't think you saw that movie.
i went to see it the day it came out.
i was laughing through the whole movie.
i couldn't help laughing, either. 
same here.
i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it?
out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?
i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever.
you think so, how come?
well, superbad is super funny.
you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious.
i didn't know that you saw superbad before.
i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
that's exactly how i felt.
what type of music do you like to listen to?
i like listening to different kinds of music.
like what, for instance?
i enjoy rock and r&b.
why is that?
i like the different instruments that they use.
that's a good reason to like something.
what kind of music do you enjoy listening to?
i enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
what kind?
i like to listen to rock and r&b.
why do you like that type of music?
i like the kinds of instruments that they use.
i think that's an excellent reason to like something.
what is your favorite kind of music?
i listen to various types of music.
what genres?
i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b.
what interests you in that type of music?
i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.
did you go to the basketball game on friday?
no, i couldn't make it.
you missed a really good game.
oh, really? who won?
our school did. they played really well.
too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go.
yeah, you should have. it was really exciting.
so what was the score?
the score was 101-98.
man, that was a really close game.
that's what made it so great.
were you able to attend friday night's basketball game?
i was unable to make it.
you should have been there. it was intense.
is that right. who ended up winning?
our team was victorious.
i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go.
it was a great game.
what was the score at the end of the game?
our team won 101-98.
sounds like it was a close game.
that's the reason it was such a great game.
i was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on friday.
i wanted to go, but i couldn't.
it was a great game.
it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won?
our team played hard and won.
i really wish i went to the game.
it was the best game ever.
so tell me the final score.
the other team lost by three points, 101-98. 
it must've been a close game.
what are you doing this weekend?
i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you?
i'm not sure yet.
well, did you want to go see a movie with me?
what movie are you going to see?
i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see?
there's nothing i can think of.
so, did you want to go?
no, thanks, maybe another time.
do you know what you're going to do this weekend?
i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you?
i don't know.
would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?
do you know what movie you're going to watch?
i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?
none that i can think of.
well, would you like to go?
thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.
you have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend?
i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do?
i'm not quite sure yet.
how about you see a movie with me and my friend?
what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?
not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye?
no good movies come to mind.
have you decided whether or not you would like to go?
did you go to school today?
yeah, i went to school today. were you there?
no, i didn't go, i've been sick.
that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class?
that would be nice, thank you.
no problem, you're welcome.
i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.
have you attended school today?
i attended school today. did you?
i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill.
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class?
i would really appreciate that, thanks.
it's no trouble at all.
if you get sick, i'll return the favor.
have you gone to school today?
i went to school today. did you go to school?
i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.
that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class.
thank you very much, that's kind of you.
don't mention it.
did you hear the news?
what happened?
our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.
she did? why didn't anyone tell me?
i would've thought that somebody would have told you.
no, i had no idea.
well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
oh my god, that's great!
are you going to go and visit her and the baby?
i think that i might.
good! i just thought i'd let you know.
have you heard what happened?
heard what?
debrah already had her baby.
i didn't know that.
i thought you knew.
i honestly didn't know.
the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
that's good to hear.
will you go and visit them?
of course i will.
i just wanted to give you the good news.
have you heard the news?
i haven't heard anything.
debrah had her baby last week.
nobody told me.
i thought you heard.
i really wasn't told anything.
she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.
wow, how exciting.
i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.
of course i will.
did you go to school today?
of course. did you?
i didn't want to, so i didn't.
that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?
that's a switch.
i'm serious, have you?
no, i haven't. why?
i really want to go to the movies this weekend.
so go then.
i really don't want to go by myself.
well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?
did you make it to school today?
i always do. did you go to school today?
no, i didn't.
you should have, but have you seen any movies lately?
that was an odd change of subject.
maybe it was, but answer the question.
no, not recently.
i want to go to see a movie this weekend.
what's stopping you then?
i don't want to go alone.
so, will you be at school tomorrow?
did you even bother to go to school today?
yeah, i went. did you go?
no, i didn't feel like it.
that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?
no, but that was a random change of subject.
it may have been random, but have you?
i haven't lately.
i would love to catch a movie this weekend.
so then, why don't you just go?
i don't want to see a movie by myself.
thanks for coming to see me today.
it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway.
i missed you too.
why haven't you tried to come see me then?
i've been really busy.
doing what?
working.
i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.
what have you been doing?
i've been working too.
well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me.
i'm really glad that you came to see me.
i had to. i was missing you a lot.
i was missing you too.
so, why haven't you visited me?
i've actually been busy lately.
what have you been doing?
i've just been working really hard.
i've also been busy.
tell me what you've been doing.
basically, i've been working too.
well whatever, i'm glad you came.
i'm really happy that you came to visit me.
i really missed you a lot.
i've been missing you like crazy.
i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.
lately, i've been quite busy.
tell me what you've been up to.
i've really been working a lot lately.
i've been pretty busy myself.
so what have you been up to?
i've just been working a lot.
hey, did you hear about jessica's party this weekend?
yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
oh really? she gave me mine earlier today.
well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.
yeah, so are you planning on going?
i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.
it really does, i can't wait.
what time does the party start?
it starts at 8 o'clock.
oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?
i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many.
have you heard about jessica's party on saturday?
i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
really? i got mine from her this morning.
i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.
you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?
i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun.
i know, it does sound pretty awesome.
well, when does the party start?
it's supposed to start at about eight.
how many invitations has she given out?
i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet.
has anyone told you about jessica's party coming up?
i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation.
is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier.
i believe that she will give me the invitation today.
are you even going to go?
yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.
exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.
when exactly does the party start?
the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.
has she given out a lot of invitations yet?
hey, what's up?
nothing really.
i'm throwing a party on friday.
i didn't realize that.
you didn't?
nobody has told me anything about your party.
did you want to go?
when does it start?
at 8:00 p.m.
i'll be there.
i'd better see you there.
what's going on with you?
fine. what's going on with you?
i'm having a party this friday.
i had no idea.
is that right?
i didn't hear anything about it.
can you go?
what time?
it starts at 8 o'clock.
i'll go.
i hope that i'll see you there.
what's going on?
not much.
this friday, i'm throwing a party.
oh really? i didn't know that.
are you serious?
i haven't heard anything about it.
can you make it?
what time does it start?
the party starts at 8.
yeah, i think i'll go.
what's going on?
nothing really, you?
i'm throwing a party next saturday.
is that right?
yeah, are you going to come?
i'm sorry, i can't.
why not?
i don't really want to.
well, why don't you?
i hate going to parties.
well, that's okay.
what's up?
nothing, how about you?
next saturday, i'm going to have a party.
oh, really?
you are coming?
probably not.
why is that?
i don't feel like going.
why not?
i really can't stand going to parties.
i understand, i guess.
what's happening?
not a lot, what about you?
i'm having a party next saturday.
that's nice.
are you going to be there?
i don't think so.
is there a reason why?
i just really don't want to go.
how come?
i don't really like parties.
what's up?
nothing much, what's going on?
i'm having a party this friday.
oh, really? that's nice.
i wanted to see if you wanted to come.
this friday? sorry, i already have plans.
doing what?
i'm going to dinner with my family.
i really wanted you to come, but i understand.
yeah, maybe next time.
i'll hold you to that.
hey, what's good with you?
not a lot. what about you?
i'm throwing a party on friday.
that sounds like fun.
do you think you can come?
i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday.
what are you going to be doing?
my family and i are going to dinner.
i was hoping you would come.
i'll definitely try to make it the next time.
i'd better see you there.
what's going on?
nothing really. how about you?
a lot, like the party i'm having on friday.
well, that's cool.
will you be able to make it?
i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.
what do you have to do?
i'm having dinner with my family
maybe you can come next time.
i'll make sure and come to your next party.
it was nice talking to you.
why are you trying to rush me off the phone?
i really have to go.
why? i still wanted to talk to you.
i have things to do.
like what?
don't be nosey.
i'm not. i just want to know.
well, it's really none of your business.
that's harsh.
i'm sorry, but i have to go.
i've enjoyed conversing with you.
is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?
i've got to go.
i wasn't done talking to you.
i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.
i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking.
i really don't think it's any of your business.
that's not nice.
i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now.
i'll talk to you later.
what's the rush?
i have to get off the phone now.
i'm not ready to get off the phone with you.
there are other things i need to take care of.
what is it that you need to do? 
please don't be nosey.
i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.
you don't need to worry about that.
that was mean to say.
well, it was nice talking to you.
it was nice talking to you too.
we should really hang out again.
that would be fun.
where do you want to go?
i think we should go out to eat.
that sounds good.
all right, so i'll see you then.
i'll call you later.
okay, i'll talk to you later then.
see you later.
i enjoyed talking to you.
i enjoyed talking to you too.
we should hang out some time.
i think that would be nice.
is there anything you would like to do next time?
do you want to go out to eat?
i'd like that.
so i'll see you next time.
i'm going to call you soon. 
i'll talk to you later.
see you soon.
i had fun talking to you.
it was really nice talking to you also.
i think we should really do something sometime.
that should be loads of fun.
what do you want to do next time?
would you like to go to dinner or something?
yeah, let's do that.
okay, until next time then.
i'll call you so we can set that up.
talk to you then.
where do you live?
i live in pasadena.
where is pasadena?
it's in california.
is it in northern california?
no. it's in southern california.
is pasadena a big city?
it's pretty big.
how big is "pretty big"?
it has about 140,000 people.
how big is los angeles?
do you have a car?
yes, i do.
what kind of car do you have?
i have a honda.
is it new?
it was new in 2003.
so, it's pretty old now.
yes, it is. but it still looks good.
do you take good care of it?
oh, yes. i wash it once a week.
do you change the oil?
do you have a girlfriend?
no, i don't. do you?
i don't have a girlfriend, either.
why not?
i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough.
girls like guys with money.
they sure do.
they like guys with new cars.
i don't have money or a new car.
me, neither.
but girls like guys who are funny.
where are you going?
i have to walk the dog.
what kind of dog do you have?
i have a little poodle.
poodles bark a lot.
they sure do.
they bark at everything.
they never shut up.
why did you get a poodle?
it's my mom's dog.
so she likes poodles.
can i borrow $5?
sure. why do you need it?
i want to buy lunch.
where's your money?
it's not in my wallet.
your wallet is empty?
i don't have even one dollar in it.
being broke is no fun.
even if it's only for a short while.
it's always good to have friends.
friends will lend you money when you're broke.
let's go to the beach.
that's a great idea.
we haven't been in a while.
we haven't been in a month.
the last time we went, you almost drowned.
no, i didn't.
then why did the lifeguard dive into the water?
i think he wanted to cool off.
he swam right up to you.
and then he turned right around.
maybe you're right.
are you married?
no. i'm divorced.
when did you get divorced?
i got divorced two years ago.
why did you get divorced?
my wife left me.
why did she leave you?
she said she didn't love me anymore.
wow! that's terrible.
yes, it was.
why didn't she love you anymore?
i'm bored.
what's on tv?
nothing.
there must be something on tv!
nothing that's interesting.
what about that new game show?
which one?
"deal or no deal"
tell me you're joking.
i love that show.
i watched it once. that was enough.
i like living here.
i agree. pasadena is a nice city.
it's not too big.
and it's not too small.
it has great weather all year long.
it has the rose parade.
it has beautiful houses.
it has wonderful restaurants.
it has great schools.
it's close to the mountains.
the people are friendly.
we need a new mattress.
what's the matter with this one?
it's not comfortable.
it seems fine to me.
i toss and turn all night.
you should stop drinking coffee.
look at these marks on my arms.
what are they?
they are bites.
did the cat bite you?
no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.
my laptop is so slow.
buy a new one.
i would if i had the money.
why is it so slow?
that's a good question.
did you take it to a computer shop?
i would if i had the money.
well, i guess you have to live with it.
sometimes i want to throw it out the window.
you don't want to do that.
why not?
what's for dinner?
i'm not sure.
how about a pizza?
you had pizza for lunch.
but i love pizza.
everybody loves pizza.
so why can't i have pizza for dinner?
because you need variety.
what's "variety?
different thingsnot the same thing all the time.
you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?
we need to save money.
why do we need to save money?
because we need to buy a house.
but a house is so expensive.
that's why we need to save money.
how much do we need to save?
we need to save enough for a down payment.
how much is that?
that's about $30,000.
thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever.
not if we save every penny.
the ocean is so big.
you can't see the end of it.
it goes on and on forever.
and it's deep, too.
i think it's five miles deep.
are there fish at the bottom?
there are fish at the top and the bottom.
are there more fish or more people?
i think there are more fish.
i'm upset with my mom.
why is that?
i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me.
what happened?
i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself.
that was very nice of you.
i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.
why did she do that?
he said he would buy her a nice ring.
what's wrong with that?
he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling.
do animals talk to each other?
of course they talk to each other.
what do they talk about?
they talk about other animals.
what else do they talk about?
they talk about food and the weather.
do they talk about us?
of course they talk about us.
what do they say about us?
they say that we are funny-looking.
ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking.
i have to clean the house.
yes, it's very dirty.
you can help me.
why me?
because you helped make it dirty.
what do you want me to do?
i want you to clean the bathroom.
oh, that's easy.
clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.
that's a lot of work.
tell me when you finish.
you're watching too much tv.
what do you mean?
i mean you're wasting your life.
i'm having fun.
you're sitting there with your mouth open.
who cares?
i care. do something.
okay. i did something.
what did you do?
i turned up the volume.
that's not what i meant by "do something."
did you write a letter to grandma?
yes, i did.
did you tell her about school?
i told her that school is fun.
did you put the letter in an envelope?
yes, and i sealed the envelope.
did you put a stamp on the envelope?
i couldn't find any stamps.
they're in the kitchen drawer.
okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope.
give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you.
why are you yawning?
i'm sleepy.
why don't you go to bed?
i want to watch this tv show.
maybe you should record it.
the tape recorder is broken.
then you should watch the rerun.
why? i'm watching the original.
but you'll be asleep in about one minute.
i'm just yawning because the commercials are on.
okay. i'll tell you how the show ends.
it's sunday.
so?
you know what that means.
i forgot.
sunday means we go to church.
oh, yeah.
put on a coat and tie.
why?
to show respect to god and others.
i'm glad sunday is only once a week.
i hope god didn't hear that.
did you feed the cat?
i'll do that in a minute.
the cat is meowing. he's hungry.
okay. i'll feed him right now.
you shouldn't make him wait.
i was doing my homework.
the cat doesn't care about your homework.
the cat doesn't care about anything.
that's the way cats are.
all they think about is themselves.
maybe we should get rid of him.
i hate shaving.
me too.
i just cut myself again.
did you use a new blade?
it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut.
maybe you should use an electric shaver.
they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.
maybe you should stop shaving.
and grow a beard?
sure. why not?
because food and other stuff sticks in my beard.
excuse me.
yes?
are you reading this paper?
oh, no. help yourself.
i asked because the paper is sitting next to you.
thank you. that's polite of you to ask.
some people would just pick it up.
yes, i know. some people are rude.
i always try to be polite.
so do i.
the world needs more polite people like us.
mom, i want a puppy.
let me think about it.
why do you have to think about it?
because a puppy costs money.
no, it doesn't. puppies are free.
yes, but a puppy needs shots.
shots for what?
so it won't get sick. just like you get shots.
i hate shots.
and a puppy eats food. food costs money.
no problem. i'll give him food off my plate.
look at all these kittens!
how many are there?
eight.
they're all so cute.
yes, but i can't keep them.
what are you going to do with them?
i'm going to give them away. do you want one?
yes, i would love one.
which one do you want?
that one. the one that's all black.
yes, i like that one, too.
my parents go to church every sunday.
they trust in god.
they hope they will go to heaven.
they probably will.
but no one knows for sure.
that's for sure.
no one knows what happens after we die.
if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.
that's what many people believe.
if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.
i don't want to go to hell.
my husband died.
i'm sorry for you.
thank you.
when did he die?
a couple of months ago.
you still miss him.
yes, but i talk to him almost every day.
when you go to church?
no, when i call him on his cell phone.
what do you mean?
i buried him with his cell phone.
today is friday the thirteenth.
that's a bad day.
it's supposed to be unlucky.
you're supposed to stay home all day.
that's what i do.
my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.
that was a mistake.
he stayed on the thirteenth floor.
what happened?
someone stole his laptop.
he was asking for it.
do you really love me?
of course.
prove it.
how can i prove it?
take me to dinner.
that's it? that's all i have to do?
take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's.
but a nice restaurant costs money.
yes, and you have to make a reservation.
that's such a hassle.
i knew you didn't love me.
my parents are divorced.
so are mine.
why did your parents get divorced?
my father found a new girlfriend.
that's too bad.
my mother was hurt and angry.
she had good reason. what did she do?
she told him to drop his girlfriend.
what did your father do?
he moved out of our house.
i guess he really liked his new girlfriend.
my grandma's apartment smells funny.
so does mine.
i think it's an old people's smell.
really?
yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.
like fruit that is too ripe?
yes, just like fruit that is too ripe.
but the smell is different.
yes, old people don't smell like fruit.
no, they smell like a thrift shop.
yes, a thrift shop has that same smell.
the price of stamps goes up and up.
i think stamps used to cost a penny.
that was a long time ago.
it was before i was born.
now a stamp is 42 cents.
but in may it will be 44 cents.
have you ever lost a letter in the mail?
no, i haven't.
neither have i.
so, they do a good job for the money.
yes, they do.
a button came off my shirt.
what are you going to do?
first, i have to find the button.
where did you lose it?
i have no idea.
a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs?
that's a good idea.
i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.
let me look. no, it's not there.
many shirts come with an extra button.
you're right. this one does have an extra button.
i have to go to the bathroom.
you drink too much coffee.
but i love coffee.
well, it's your life.
you eat too much chocolate.
i don't think so.
have you looked in the mirror?
do you think i'm getting fat?
i didn't say that.
what did you say?
i said i have to go to the bathroom.
did you do the laundry?
yes, i did.
what did you wash?
i washed the sheets and towels.
what about the pillowcases?
yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them.
did you dry everything in the dryer?
yes, i dried everything in the dryer.
then what did you do?
i folded all the towels.
did you put the sheets on the beds?
do you listen to the radio?
i listen day and night.
what do you listen to?
mostly talk radio.
what's that?
people talk about current events.
what do they say?
they say they want change.
what kind of change?
they want tax cuts.
why do they want tax cuts?
mom, i'm hungry.
look in the fridge.
i'm looking. there's nothing to eat.
are you sure?
it's almost empty.
i went to the market yesterday.
i don't see anything.
i bought lots of oranges and apples.
i don't want fruit. i want something tasty.
eat the fruit. it's good for you.
next time you go to the market, let me go with you.
what is there to eat?
i don't know. look in the fridge.
i think i'll make a sandwich.
what kind?
a ham sandwich.
the bread is in the cabinet.
where's the mustard?
it's in the fridge, i think.
oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich?
yes, that sounds nice.
how about some potato chips?
it's time for your bath, young lady.
but, mom, i'm not dirty.
you need a bath every day.
why?
because you don't want to smell bad.
i don't smell bad.
that's what you think.
if i smelled bad, i could smell me.
i can smell you.
i can smell you, too.
that's my perfume.
something's wrong with my computer.
exactly what?
all i get is a black screen.
what's the matter?
i think i know, because this happened before.
what happened before?
my hard drive crashed.
oh, no. that's bad news.
it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.
will you lose all your files?
no, i always back up my files.
i called hp about my computer.
what did they say?
they said i need a new hard drive.
that's too bad. how much is a new one?
it's not too much, only about $85.
plus installation?
no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace.
really?
yes, it's just a couple of screws.
that's nice.
it's a lot better than paying someone $60.
what's your email address?
it's bluedog123.
bluedog123. are you sure that's all?
yes.
no. that's incomplete.
what do you mean?
what's your mailing address?
456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170.
that's correct.
so what's the problem?
bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code.
i'm going to take a nap.
you should unplug the phone.
that's a good idea.
do you want me to wake you in an hour?
no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up.
i'll start dinner at 6:00.
okay. i think i'll be awake by then.
if not, your nose will wake you up.
you mean i will smell the food cooking?
you might even dream about dinner.
i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired.
that was a nice funeral.
yes, dad, it was.
the son gave a nice speech about his father.
it was long, too.
i think it was about 45 minutes long.
but it went by fast. it was interesting.
i liked it.
i'll give you a speech like that, too.
do you think anyone will come to my funeral?
of course.
i think only the family will be there.
yikes! what was that noise?
i had to blow my nose.
did you have to blow right next to the phone?
did you hear that?
of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house.
it wasn't that loud.
i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
okay. i'll take your word for it.
i thought you had an elephant in your house.
you're funny.
what did you say? i think i've gone deaf.
i have lots of friends.
really? how many do you have?
i don't know, maybe one hundred.
that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend?
of course. i have lots of best friends.
how many best friends do you have?
i think about twenty-five.
hmm. i have only one best friend.
i feel sorry for you.
i have only a few friends.
you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you.
don't you ever cheat on me.
why would i do that?
because men like to cheat.
some men do, but not me.
i'm watching you.
i'm an open book. watch me all you want.
if i catch you, you'll be sorry.
you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater.
i will poke your eyes out. 
i don't want any other woman.
i will chop your toes off, one by one.
i hate to go outside.
me too.
why do you hate to go outside?
i meet too many jerks.
i agree.
this city is full of jerks.
rude people are everywhere.
but what can you do?
you can yell at them.
and they will yell back at you.
yelling doesn't do any good.
will you look at this form?
are you having problems with it?
i don't understand some things.
let me help you.
what does "mi" mean?
"mi" stands for middle initial.
what does "mm/dd/yy" mean?
that means month/day/year. use numbers.
i don't understand.
for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.
oh. that's simple enough.
let's go to the animal shelter.
what do you want to do?
i want to get a puppy for my son.
that will make him so happy.
i'll get him one of those little dogs.
one that won't grow up too big.
and eat too much.
do you know which one he would like?
oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked.
i bet you had to drag him away.
he wanted to take it home yesterday.
what's the weather like?
i don't know. i just woke up.
why don't you look outside?
okay. it looks like rain.
why do you say that?
the sky is gray.
is it raining right now?
no.
how do you know?
the street isn't wet.
i have to go shopping today.
i can't believe how hot it is.
it's not even noon yet.
that means it will get hotter.
i am dying from the heat.
turn on the air conditioner.
it doesn't work.
what happened?
i don't know.
did you call the repairman?
of course.
when is he coming?
i'll be glad when winter comes.
why is that?
because i love the snow.
yes, the snow is fun.
last year we made a big snowman.
how big was it?
it was seven feet tall.
how long did it take?
it took us all day.
did you give him a nose?
of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.
i'm going to the bank.
what do you need to do?
i need to withdraw some money.
how are you going to do that?
i'll just use the atm.
what's that?
it's the automatic teller machine.
it gives you money?
i just insert my debit card into the machine.
and it gives you money?
well, it gives me money, but it's my own money.
did you put the blue bin out on the street?
oh, no. i forgot.
well, you'd better take it out front.
what time does the recycle truck come by?
it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow.
i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning.
oh, no, you don't.
what do you mean?
every morning you get up late and rush off to work late.
do you think i'll forget to do it?
you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it.
are you ready?
ready for what?
ready for the big switch.
what are you talking about?
the nation is switching to digital tv.
oh. of course i'm ready.
did you buy the converter?
no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv.
how much was that?
it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen.
does it pick up any digital channels?
people are funny.
they sure are.
did you hear about the pilot?
the one that stole a small plane?
yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.
did they catch him?
yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.
did he crash?
no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant.
did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.?
his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down.
the police need our help finding a robber.
how do you know?
the tv news is reporting a bank robbery.
do they know what the robber looks like?
yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old.
what race is he?
they didn't say.
the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore.
of course not. that would be racist.
but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race?
don't ask me.
don't wipe your nose on your sleeve.
but i don't have a tissue.
then go find a tissue in the bathroom.
i didn't have time to get one from there.
your sleeves are not tissues.
but mom, all my friends use their sleeves.
that doesn't make it right.
i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.
i will talk to your father about that.
i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age.
your daddy was a good little boy.
i'm worried.
worried about what?
i'm getting married.
you should be happy, not worried.
i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility.
yes, you have to take care of your wife.
and i have to take care of our children.
are you going to start a family?
yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.
that sounds wonderful.
except we can't afford it!
i don't get art.
or artists.
they're in a different world.
i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils.
the artist said the jar was both full and empty.
but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?
artists see things differently.
did you ever see anything that picasso painted?
of course! he's world famous.
did he ever take art lessons?
i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade.
what's the point?
the point of what?
of living.
who knows? you live, and then you die.
we must be here for some reason.
maybe we're here to have fun.
then why aren't i having fun?
because you're thinking too much.
so i should stop thinking?
stop thinking about what the point is.
okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun.
beer is a powerful drug.
so are cigarettes.
which would you prefer?
what do you mean?
when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.
i could pick only one or the other?
yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.
boy, that's a tough one.
what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes.
but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.
well, you can't have everything.
my pants have a hole in the front pocket.
you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket.
yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe.
lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.
who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?
criminals, of course.
anyway, i have to fix the hole.
you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch.
tell me about this patch.
the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on.
that sounds a lot easier than sewing.
do you know any good jokes?
i can't remember jokes.
neither can i.
they go in one ear and out the other.
who makes up all these jokes?
who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day.
yes, just in english alone.
i wonder if every language has jokes.
of course! people everywhere like good jokes.
what do you think people joke about the most?
i think most jokes are about women.
you're very lucky.
why do you say that?
you speak two languages.
well, my english isn't perfect.
no one speaks perfect english.
maybe i will be the first!
i've been thinking about learning spanish.
spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you.
how long will it take me to learn?
i think it will only take you a year or two.
how soon can we begin?
do you know what today is?
yes, it's april 22.
it's more than just a date.
is it your birthday or anniversary?
no, it's earth day.
what's that?
it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.
oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?
yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags.
how about if i take shorter showers?
that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.
poetry sucks.
i don't know anyone who likes it.
some of it is okay, i guess.
yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.
like "one, two, buckle my shoe."
but people still write poems.
no one makes any money at it.
shakespeare was a poet.
did he get rich from his poetry?
probably not.
poems are a little bit like songs.
how smart are you?
i don't know. i think i'm average.
did you ever take an iq test?
no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school.
i wish i was really smart.
don't be ridiculous.
what do you mean?
if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.
don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?
it must be very lonely.
why's that?
i missed the tv news last night. what was on?
nothing that would pass as news.
what's the weather going to be like this weekend?
i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels.
what was the lead story on the news?
some actress was in court for driving without a license.
what was the second story?
some actor married a woman young enough to be his daughter.
what was the third story?
a bull chased a man in a supermarket.
wasn't there anything about octo-mom?
what are you going to do about your death?
well, mostly i'll try to avoid it.
i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?
my wife and i will be cremated.
are you going to be buried next to each other?
oh, no. our ashes will be shaken into the ocean.
you're not going to be buried?
a coffin costs too much and takes up too much space.
yes, but it will be in a cemetery where your children can visit you.
children seldom visit their parents in a cemetery.
that's true. a cemetery is for dead people, not living people.
did you wipe your feet? 
yes, of course i wiped my feet.
then why is there mud on the carpet?
i don't know. it's not my mud.
well, someone brought it into the house.
look at the bottom of my shoesthey're clean.
of course they're clean. you left all the mud on the carpet.
okay, i'll get the vacuum cleaner.
don't vacuum it now.
don't you want me to clean up the mud?
wait till it dries. it will be easier to vacuum.
what are you getting for your mom?
what are you talking about?
sunday is mother's day.
this sunday?
of course. it's all over the news.
i thought it was next sunday.
well, you'd better get her something.
i'll get her a nice card.
is that it?
yes. that's all i ever give her.
she raised you, and all you ever give her is a card?
i don't like our flag.
what's the matter with it?
it's too much like other flags.
yes, a lot of flags have stripes.
a flag should be pretty.
what should our flag look like?
it should have a pretty woman on it.
that's ridiculous!
you don't like pretty women?
of course i do. but not on our flag!
every nation should have a pretty woman on their flag.
i had a busy morning.
what did you do?
i watered all the plants.
you have a lot of plants.
then i did my laundry.
that takes some time.
i took the dog for a walk.
i'll bet he enjoyed his walk.
i vacuumed the entire house.
that's a lot of work.
and then i made lunch.
i don't have long distance service with my home phone.
so how do you make long distance calls?
i use a calling card.
where do you get that?
i buy it at the dollar store.
how much is it?
it's one dollar for 100 minutes.
that's only a penny a minute!
it's a great price. but you have to dial a lot of numbers.
how many?
first you dial seven numbers, then ten numbers, then ten more numbers.
do you go to college?
yes, i do.
what college do you go to?
i go to pasadena city college.
do you like it?
oh, yes, i really like it.
why do you like it?
because it has great teachers.
what else?
i like all my classmates, too.
anything else?
i lost my new pen.
where did you lose it?
i don't know.
when did you lose it?
i think i lost it today. i used it yesterday.
did you check all your pockets?
i checked all my pockets.
did you look in your desk?
yes. it isn't there, either.
it's probably around somewhere.
oh, well, it only cost me a dollar.
gravity is very important.
what is gravity?
it's the force that pulls everything down.
i don't understand.
if you pour water into a glass, the water goes down into the glass.
of course it does.
without gravity, the water would go up.
you're joking.
without gravity, you would go up.
what do you mean?
you would float into the sky like a balloon.
i can't read my book.
turn on the light.
the light is on.
open the book.
the book is open.
see an eye doctor.
that's what i need to do.
he'll give you a prescription for glasses.
i'll make an appointment tomorrow.
i'll get the yellow pages for an eye doctor.
read the phone number to me.
what do you need for school?
i need pencils.
anything else?
i need a notebook.
do you need a pen?
no. i already have a pen.
do you need a calculator?
no. the teacher doesn't permit calculators.
how about a dictionary?
no, we have a big dictionary in the classroom.
well, i guess that's it.
i like this magazine.
so do i.
i read it once, and i subscribed.
it gives you all the news.
all the news in only 50 pages.
i like the political cartoons.
i like the beautiful photos of the houses for sale.
i always read the film reviews.
i never miss the food and drink section.
i gave a subscription to my parents.
me too. they canceled their other news magazines.
my pen is out of ink.
shake it a couple of times.
i shook it. there is no more ink.
you can borrow mine.
thank you. i'll buy a new one tomorrow.
what were you doing?
i was writing a letter.
who were you writing to?
it's to my mom.
tell her i said hello.
okay. i'll return your pen when i'm done.
have you done your homework?
not yet.
then why are you watching tv?
this is my favorite show.
go do your homework.
but, mom!
you can watch tv after you do your homework.
but the show will be over.
there will be another show next week.
please?
you know the rules.
i can't wait until i graduate.
me too.
no more homework.
i hate homework.
are you going to college?
i can't afford it.
me neither.
so what are you going to do?
i'm joining the army.
you're kidding. you might get killed.
i don't think so. after i finish, i'll have enough money to go to college.
what is your major?
english.
what are you going to do with an english major?
i'm going to be a teacher.
high school or middle school?
high school.
i teach high school english.
i didn't know that.
i started teaching five years ago.
how do you like it?
do you see all this gray hair? it was totally black five years ago.
parking at school is impossible.
i'll say.
i drove around for half an hour.
did you find a spot?
i found a spot, but someone cut in and took it from me.
did you yell at them?
yes, i did.
and?
and he yelled back at me.
how rude.
but i got lucky a few minutes later.
this is a huge library.
yes, it has lots of rooms and lots of space.
and lots of books.
and lots of thieves.
what do you mean?
i mean, keep your belongings close to you.
the only thing in my backpack is used books.
but thieves don't know that.
they might think that i've got an ipod or laptop in there.
now you're thinking.
you'd think a library would be safe from thieves.
how good is your math?
i can add two and two.
so you're not very good at math?
i'm terrible at math.
well, i need some help.
with what?
i'm taking a math course in school.
well, you should ask your teacher or your classmates for help.
i can't do that.
why not?
they might think i'm stupid.
do you believe in god?
of course.
do you pray to god?
occasionally.
when's that?
when i need something.
like what?
well, if i have a big test at school.
does god answer your prayers?
yes, i've passed all my tests.
do you ever pray for money?
the cops finally found the husband.
what husband?
the husband of the driver who ran over two college students at 3 a.m.
oh, yeah. the girl died instantly, and the boy is still in the hospital.
the husband said he tried to help the boy.
yes, he pushed him off the hood of the car.
no, he said he gently placed the boy on the street.
so what? they still drove off.
the husband said a fire department was nearby.
so what? did he dial 911?
he said he was thinking about it, but he didn't get around to it.
i don't like riding the bus.
why not?
the seats and windows are dirty.
don't they clean the bus every night?
i think they do.
you should bring some wipes with you.
that's a good idea.
then you can wipe your seat and window.
people will think i'm strange.
who cares? everyone is strange.
that's for sure.
i don't like riding the bus.
why not?
number one, it's too slow.
you're right. a car is faster.
number two, it's usually late.
you're right. the buses are never on time.
number three, it doesn't run 24 hours.
you're right. buses don't run late at night.
number four, it's too crowded.
you're right. you have to stand in the aisle.
number five, it's unsafe.
we had a problem at school.
what was the problem?
someone cut the tires.
what tires?
the tires on the cars.
where were the cars?
they were in the student parking lot.
how many tires were cut?
one or two tires were cut on each car.
how many cars?
eleven cars.
life isn't fair.
it sure isn't.
i got a ticket yesterday.
what for?
i was crossing the street.
were you in a crosswalk?
yes, but the red hand was blinking.
so? that's a ticket?
yes, it's a $140 ticket.
that's not right!
when i started to cross the street, the white walk sign was blinking.
you're driving too fast.
why do you say that?
the speed limit is 65.
i know that.
but you're doing 75.
so is everyone else.
but a cop might stop you.
no, he won't. some cars are doing 85.
so the cop will stop those cars?
of course. he stops the fastest cars.
my friend got a ticket for doing 75.
remember to put air in your tires.
how often do i have to do that?
once every two months.
that's a lot.
what do you mean?
that's six times a year!
yes, and it takes about five minutes each time.
i'll try.
check your tires or you'll get a flat.
oh. that's not good.
no, it isn't. a flat costs you time and money.
you're driving too fast.
i'm in a hurry.
don't ever be in a hurry.
it's not my fault. you didn't wake me up.
that's not my fault. you didn't tell me to wake you up.
well, i meant to.
don't ever be in a hurry when you're driving.
why not?
because you'll have an accident. most accidents are because people are in a hurry.
how do you know that?
i read a lot.
let's go for a ride.
where are we going?
into the mountains.
that sounds nice.
i want to show you my new car.
you bought a new car?
yes. i bought a cadillac.
a luxury car.
luxury plus speed.
what are we waiting for?
let me get the keys.
i have to go to the bathroom.
why didn't you go before we left?
i did, but i have to go again.
well, hold on a little longer.
i think i'm going to explode.
just hold on.
oh! don't hit any more bumps!
we'll be at mcdonald's in just a few minutes.
i hope they are fast minutes.
think about something else. think about a hamburger.
i'm thinking, but i still have to go.
where's the car?
what do you mean?
the car isn't here.
where did you park it?
i parked it right here.
are you sure?
yes. i remember this big tree.
maybe it's the wrong tree.
no, this is the tree.
did someone steal it?
i sure hope not.
look at this traffic.
i'd rather not.
it gets worse every year.
why are you complaining? we're going almost 20 miles an hour.
the speed limit is 65!
well, that's between 2:00 and 4:00 a.m.
where are all these people going?
they're all asking the same question.
when are they going to fix this problem?
they said they need more money.
they always need more money.
did you see that car?
yes, he went through the red light.
can we call the police?
no, the police don't care.
why not?
they have to see it happen.
they don't believe us?
no. they can only give a ticket if they see it happen.
so, what do we do?
we don't do anything.
maybe we should honk the horn next time.
my car is dirty.
why don't you wash it?
that's what i'm going to do.
are you going to wash it yourself?
of course. it's not a hard job.
i'll help you.
okay, i'll get a bucket.
i'll rinse the car first.
then we can scrub it with a wet sponge and soap.
after that, we can dry it with a towel.
then it will look like new
it sure is windy today.
paper is flying everywhere.
this wind is dangerous for drivers.
especially for drivers of big trucks.
the wind blows those trucks over.
it blows trees over, too.
a tree fell onto my dad's car.
was there much damage?
my dad had to buy a new car.
wow! that's terrible.
never park your car under a tree.
when are we going to stop?
we'll stop at the next mcdonald's.
how far away is that?
i think we'll be there in half an hour.
i hope so. i have to go to the bathroom.
well, i can always pull over.
no, thank you, i'll just wait.
we can kill two birds with one stone.
what do you mean?
while you're using the bathroom, i'll order some food.
don't order for me. i'm not hungry.
this is such a long light.
look how many cars are waiting in line.
they need a left-turn arrow.
only two cars can make a left turn every three or four minutes.
we'll be here forever.
get out of this lane.
but we need to turn left.
forget it. go straight.
then what?
then we'll just make a u-turn.
and then we can turn right at the light.
i need a cheap car.
how much money do you have?
$1,000.
well, that should get you something.
but i need something that's reliable.
you need a car with low mileage.
a car that was owned by a little old lady.
where have you looked?
i haven't looked anywhere yet.
why not?
because i'll never find one for such a low price.
good afternoon, officer.
your driver's license and registration, please.
here you go.
do you know why i pulled you over?
i have no idea. all of a sudden i heard your siren.
you rolled through that stop sign back there.
but i stopped!
no, you didn't. you slowed down, but you didn't come to a full stop.
well, nobody else does, so why should i?
that's not the attitude of a good driver.
but i am a good driver. i've never had a ticket in my life.
$140. i can't believe it.
what are you talking about?
i got a ticket downtown for $140.
were you speeding?
no, i was crossing the street.
were you jaywalking?
no, i was in the crosswalk.
so why did you get a ticket?
the officer said the red hand was blinking.
was it blinking when you entered the crosswalk?
no, the white walk sign was blinking.
they were in a crosswalk near school at 3 a.m.
who?
two students from usc.
what happened?
a speeding car ran a red light, killing the girl.
what happened to the other student?
he landed on the hood of the car.
did he get off the hood?
no, the car stopped and the passenger pushed the injured student off the hood.
i'll bet the car continued on its way.
of course it did. why stop after you've run over two people?
what happened to your car?
i got a dent in the parking lot.
how did you get it?
i don't know. maybe it was from a shopping cart.
those shopping carts are dangerous.
especially the metal ones.
i don't park at a store that uses metal shopping carts.
that's a good idea, but there was a good sale at this store.
did you save any money on the sale?
yes, i did. i saved about $50.
that's great.
did you see "titanic"?
yes. it is a great movie.
i saw it twelve times.
i saw it eight times.
i have the dvd.
so do i.
let's go to your home.
we can watch my dvd.
and then we can go to my home.
and watch your dvd.
i always cry at the end.
let's play cards.
i don't know any card games.
i'll teach you one.
okay. what will you teach me?
it's called poker.
is it easy to learn?
yes, it will only take about 30 minutes.
okay. teach me how to play.
we each get five cards.
oh, look. i have four tens.
that's great, but you're not supposed to tell me.
i'm a good card player.
why is that?
because i watch the other players.
what do you mean?
people will tell you if they have a good hand.
how do they do that?
for example, a friend of mine licks his lips.
when he licks his lips, you know he has a good hand?
i know he has a good hand, so i don't bet.
he never wins your money?
nope, and it drives him crazy.
turn the radio down, please.
but i'm listening to it.
well, listen to it more quietly.
i can't wait till i grow up.
what will you do?
i will play the radio as loud as i want.
that's okay with me.
i will have a radio in every room of my house.
remind me to never visit you.
all the radios will be on extra loud.
your neighbors will hate you.
i hope i win the lotto.
your chances are very small.
but you can't win if you don't play.
ha! you can't win if you do play.
someone has to win.
that's what everyone says.
it might as well be me.
that's what everyone says.
you're trying to tell me something.
that didn't take long.
you think i should quit playing.
what's on tv?
nothing much.
what about the baseball game?
it got rained out.
rained out?
yes, rained out.
how could that be?
well, you can't play baseball in a rainstorm.
i thought they were playing under a dome.
the dome doesn't close.
why doesn't it close?
can i try your coffee?
sure. here you go.
hmm, that's not bad.
there's nothing in it.
what do you mean?
i mean, it's just coffee.
i figured that.
it's not too bitter for you?
it's a little bitter, but it's okay.
there's no sugar or cream in it.
no, it's a taste you have to get used to.
let's take a walk.
what's the weather like?
let me step outside and see.
it's a little chilly, right?
yes, it is.
i'll put on my cap.
wear a jacket, too.
i wonder if i should bring my gloves.
maybe you should, just in case it gets colder.
i'll put a glove in each pocket.
we'll get warmer as we walk.
look at the car chase on tv!
that driver is crazy.
i can't believe he hasn't crashed.
how fast is he going?
they say he's going 80 miles per hour.
he's going to kill someone.
look! he just hit that car.
oh, my goodness. no one is safe on the streets.
now he's slowing down.
maybe he ran out of gas.
look! he just got out of the car and started running.
tv news is so stupid.
they shouldn't even call it news.
last night they told us about a cat in a sofa.
yesterday they told us about a dog in a pipe.
last week they told us about a bear in a back yard.
last month they told us about a mouse in a restaurant.
the weatherman tells us the temperature in every town.
the sports guy shows us players fighting.
they always tell us "what's next."
they always make "what's next" sound exciting, but it never is.
it's more like news for kids.
i love my computer.
computers are so cool.
i love to go online.
the internet is amazing.
you can travel all over the world.
i know. i went to china yesterday.
what did you do?
i stood on the great wall and looked all around.
what was it like?
it was like the real thing.
it was like being there?
the beatles are the best.
they are the best musical group ever.
i love all their songs.
i don't know which one i like the best.
i like the ones i can sing along with.
so do i, like "she loves you."
"she loves you, yeah, yeah, yeah!..."
"and you know you should be glad!"
what a great song.
how about "let it be?"
oh, yes! "let it be, let it be"
let's go to a movie.
i'd rather not.
why not?
you know i don't like crowds.
let's go to an early movie.
okay, that won't be very crowded.
what would you like to see?
oh, i don't care. you're the one who wants to go out.
well, i want to see "the pursuit of happyness."
what have you heard about it?
it's based on a true story about a divorced man and his young son.
what's your favorite thing to do?
i like to watch people.
that's your favorite thing to do?
well, it's one of them.
where do you go to watch people?
my girlfriend and i sit outside starbucks.
that sounds like a good spot.
we watch people walk by with their dogs.
i guess you see lots of different dogs.
we don't even know what kind most of them are.
there are lots of different kinds, but they all have one thing in common.
they call him father dollar bill.
yes, he was on the tv news today.
every easter sunday he gives away money.
is it his money?
no. movie stars give him money to give to homeless people.
how much money does he give away?
this year he gave away $15,000.
that's a lot of money.
he gave $100 to people in wheelchairs.
what about the other homeless people?
they got $1 each.
old movies are the best.
even though they're in black and white.
a good story is more important than color.
actors didn't curse back then.
and there was no violence.
people today don't like that.
no, today people like lots of action.
i like a good story.
i like to see actors who are like real people.
like real people with real problems.
they still make movies like that.
do you get pbs on tv?
yes, everybody gets the public broadcasting system.
it puts me to sleep.
tell me about it.
a gardening show follows a knitting show.
a cooking show follows a sewing show.
a travel show follows another travel show.
i'll say! i've gone around the world a dozen times already!
now they're adding old tv shows to the old movies.
i sure would like to see something interesting for a change.
if more people donate money, pbs could offer new shows.
i love to watch "judge judy."
is that a tv show?
yes. it's on every afternoon.
what's so good about it?
they have interesting lawsuits.
such as?
yesterday, a woman complained about a cell phone she bought on ebay.
was something wrong with the phone?
it works only in canada.
did the seller know that?
yes, and he didn't tell the buyer.
that woman is a very good singer.
yes, but she looks like a man.
what difference does it make?
female singers are supposed to be pretty.
singers are supposed to sound good.
they should look good, too.
there are lots of ugly men singers.
men singers don't have to look good.
then neither do women singers.
well, i would never buy her cd.
but you would buy her cd if she was pretty?
all the tv stations are going to go digital.
yes, that will occur next month.
most of them are already broadcasting in digital.
the digital signal is very clear.
oh, no, it isn't!
what do you mean?
i can't get a single channel.
do you have a digital tv?
of course. but i don't have cable.
you don't need to have cable, but you do need a good antenna.
but i have rabbit ears.
i've got a date for you.
oh, really?
are you interested?
maybe. what is she like?
she's got a great personality.
uh-oh. that means that she's fat and ugly.
she's cute.
okay, so she's not ugly; she's just fat.
she weighs 98 pounds.
okay, she's not fat. so what's the problem with her?
who said there is a problem with her?
i think you're very pretty.
thank you.
would you have dinner with me?
i would like to.
can i pick you up friday night?
what time?
eight o'clock.
that sounds great.
we'll go to a french restaurant.
i've never been to a french restaurant.
i think you'll love the food.
you have pretty eyes.
thank you. so do you.
i wish my eyes were blue.
what's the matter with green eyes?
nothing, except my favorite color is blue.
maybe in your next life you'll have blue eyes.
but what if i'm a fish in my next life?
i think some fish have blue eyes.
i hope i don't come back as a fish.
i hope i come back as a cat.
cats have beautiful eyes.
i love you.
i love you, too.
i loved you the first day i saw you.
it was love at first sight?
yes, it was love at first sight.
i didn't love you at first.
i know. i had to chase you for a while.
yes, you chased me and then you caught me.
now you're mine forever.
and you're mine forever.
we'll grow old together.
i'm in love with that girl.
have you told her?
of course not.
why not?
she would laugh at me.
how do you know?
because they always do.
maybe she's different.
they're all the same.
just ask her out to dinner.
and then what?
give me a hug.
i'm not in the mood.
what's the matter?
i saw you looking at that woman.
what woman?
you know, that woman with the big boobs.
i was not looking at her.
you were, too.
i'm not interested in her.
then why were you looking at her?
i was looking at something else.
would you like to go on a blind date?
you must be joking.
no, i'm serious.
i don't want to date a blind woman.
a blind date doesn't mean that she is blind!
what does it mean?
a blind date is a date with someone you don't know.
why would i date someone i don't even know?
to try something new and exciting.
what if i don't like her?
i have a date tomorrow night.
really? who with?
a girl i met at the market.
you met a girl at the supermarket?
she was standing behind me in a really slow line at the checkout counter.
what did you say to her?
i had two pineapples in my cart, and she asked where i had found them.
she asked you about your pineapples?
i told her i had gotten the last two on the shelf, but i offered her one of mine.
that was nice of you.
she asked me how she could return the favor, so i asked her out.
did you have a date friday night?
yes, in fact, i did.
who did you go out with?
a man i met in a coffee shop.
where did you go?
we went to a nice restaurant.
anywhere else?
then we went to a jazz club.
that sounds like a nice date.
yes, it was pleasant.
but you won't date him again?
i had the worst date the other night.
what happened?
first of all, he was half an hour late.
that's not a good start.
then he didn't bother to apologize.
that's rude.
then he drove too fast to the restaurant.
that's dangerous.
i thought about getting out and taking a taxi home.
what happened at the restaurant?
we had a $40 meal, and he left a $1 tip!
i don't like that man.
why not?
he's a dirty old man.
what do you mean?
he's old enough to be my father, yet he asked me out.
well, you can't blame a man for asking.
he should act his age.
but a lot of old people are still interested in dating.
they should find a nice hobby.
just wait until you're 50 years old.
dating will be the furthest thing from my mind.
does your girlfriend ever make you angry?
sometimes.
what does she do?
just yesterday, i told her i wouldn't trade her for all the money in the world.
that was a nice thing to say.
that's what i thought.
what did she say?
she laughed! she didn't believe me.
that wasn't very nice of her.
she said that nothing is more important to me than money.
what did you say?
some people have good noses.
i wish i had a good nose. mine is way too big.
i don't mean good-looking. i mean good-smelling.
oh. but that can be a curse.
yes, because you can be too sensitive to odors.
i'll say. my girlfriend has a nose like a drug dog.
did she catch you using drugs?
sort of. she knows whenever i sneak a cigarette.
you don't need a good nose for thatcigarettes stink.
but when i sneak just one cigarette in the morning, she can smell it that evening!
boy, that is a good nose.
let's go out to eat.
that sounds like fun.
where do you want to go?
let me think a minute.
i feel like chinese.
that sounds delicious.
i know a good chinese restaurant.
how far away is it?
it's only 10 minutes from here.
do we need reservations?
oh, no. we can walk right in.
i can't believe how long this line is.
this is a popular restaurant, isn't it?
yes, but it isn't a fast-food restaurant, is it?
it's the slowest hamburger in town.
that's because they cook it while you wait.
yes. that's why it's also the best hamburger in town.
a great burger and great service.
yes, the workers are very polite.
and they're clean.
i've been coming here for years.
me too.
lunch was delicious.
thank you.
what kind of soup was that?
it was tomato soup.
that tasted so good.
i put lemon and butter in it.
the sandwich was good, too.
everyone likes bacon and tomato sandwiches.
especially on toast.
and the pickles were great, too.
tomorrow we'll have rice and fish for lunch.
i'm calling the waiter.
what's the matter?
this steak has too much fat.
what do you want the waiter to do?
bring me a better steak.
i wouldn't do that.
why not?
they will drop the new steak on the floor, step on it, and then spit on it.
you're crazy.
then the waiter will give you a big smile as he brings you the new steak.
where do you get these crazy ideas?
let's leave.
but we just got here.
did you see the waiter's hands?
no.
he had dirty fingernails.
really?
his nails were black!
that's disgusting.
and he poured water into our glasses.
yuck! no water for me.
i wonder if the cooks' nails are dirty, too.
this hot bread is delicious.
i like this restaurant because they give you free bread.
well, i think we are paying for it.
no. look at the bill when we get it. there's no charge for the bread.
it is delicious, especially with butter.
i think we should just leave after we fill up on the bread.
they probably wouldn't like that.
i'm eating so much bread that i'm getting full.
then stop eating the bread!
okay, just one more piece. pass the butter, please.
if i owned a restaurant, i would never serve hot bread before the main course.
is this a clean restaurant?
well, the tables and chairs look okay.
okay, let's sit down.
check out the silverware.
it passes inspection.
here comes the waiter. see if his hands and nails are clean.
well, the waiter looked clean, so i guess it's okay to eat here.
you're forgetting about the bathroom.
i'm going to just hope that the bathroom is clean.
you're not going to examine it before we order dinner?
no, i'd rather not find out that it's dirty, because i'm pretty hungry right now.
have you seen our waiter?
here he comes now.
we've been sitting here for almost 10 minutes.
oops, i guess i was wrong. that isn't our waiter.
we can give him five more minutes, and then leave.
i'll go up front and talk to the manager.
that's a good idea.
maybe they'll give us free drinks for waiting so long.
maybe he'll send us our waiter immediately.
every time we eat out, it's an adventure.
last time, we got seats next to the kitchen.
is this table okay?
no, it's too close to the kitchen door.
how about this table?
no, it's too close to the front door.
this looks like a nice table.
no, it's too close to the salad bar.
okay, i give up.
well, there is one good table.
great. which one?
i don't believe the art world.
what is it this time?
an andy warhol drawing.
he's a famous artist.
he drew two butterflies and a flower on a napkin in a restaurant.
did he sign it?
yes.
is it beautiful?
it's just black ink on a white napkin. and the napkin has food stains!
so it's not worth much?
only about $30,000.
can we go to the baseball game?
of course.
i love baseball.
so do i.
i love to eat the peanuts.
i love to eat the hot dogs.
i hope we'll see a home run.
i hope we'll catch a foul ball.
bring a jacket.
yes. it gets a little cool at night.
bring a glove to catch a foul ball.
golf is a silly game.
it certainly is.
you hit a white ball.
and then you chase it.
and then you hit it again.
finally, you put the ball into a hole in the ground.
you do this 18 times, because there are 18 holes.
what's the point?
how can it be fun?
they pay money to play this silly game!
i think golfers have a mental problem.
do you want to go fishing?
yes. that's a good idea.
where do you want to go?
we can go to the river.
or we can go to the lake.
or we can go to the ocean.
let's go to the lake.
yes. the lake is only 10 miles away.
we can be there in 20 minutes.
i'll get our fishing rods.
i'll get the bait.
baseball is fun.
i like to hit the ball.
i like to run around the bases.
i like to slide into the bases.
yeah. it's a lot of fun to slide.
i want to be a baseball player when i grow up.
me too. i want to play for the yankees.
not me. i want to play for the dodgers.
we have to practice every day.
i don't like practice.
me neither. it's boring.
let's go jogging.
that's a good idea.
i bought some new shoes.
are they comfortable?
they're very comfortable.
how much were they?
they were on sale for $80.
do they help you run faster?
no, but my feet don't hurt anymore.
then they're worth every penny.
you might want to buy a pair.
tiger is the greatest golfer in the world.
you can say that again.
but i'm worried about tiger.
why is that?
because he likes to scuba dive.
what's wrong with that?
it can be dangerous.
you mean he could drown.
he shouldn't scuba dive until he retires.
but he dives to relax.
he might relax, but it makes me nervous.
did you watch that golf tournament?
the one that tiger won?
how did he do it?
it was nothing for him.
he sank a 20-foot putt on the last hole to win by one stroke!
he sank a 25-footer last year at the same tournament to win by one stroke.
i think he is from outer space.
no human could possibly play golf that well.
whenever he needs a shot to win a tournament, he makes that shot.
no human can do that.
somebody should check his birth record.
who's the greatest baseball player?
there are so many great players.
yes, but who is the greatest?
i'd have to say babe ruth.
most people would say that.
he changed the game.
yes, he made the home run popular.
everybody loved him, all over the nation.
he helped make the yankees the best team ever.
and ruth was a good person, too.
he always visited hospitals to cheer up sick kids.
did you hear what happened at the baseball game?
no, please tell me.
someone punched out someone.
that's not nice.
it's worse than that.
how so?
two guys got into an argument.
i'll bet they were drinking.
a third guy punched one of the two guys.
i'll bet he was drinking, too.
the victim hit his head on the concrete steps and died.
i want to go to the ball game.
is there a game tonight?
yes, it starts at 7 p.m.
can we get tickets?
yes, but only the cheap tickets.
how much are they?
they're only $5 each.
that's a good price.
yes, it's cheaper than a hot dog or a beer.
where are the seats?
they're behind the outfield.
golf is so hard.
what's so hard about hitting a little white ball?
it's hard if you want to do it right.
you mean like tiger?
no, like a good amateur golfer.
what's so hard about golf?
there are so many things you have to do right.
like what?
like keep your left arm straight, keep your head down, and follow through.
yikes! who can remember all that?
you need to get a lot of lessons when you're really young.
did you hear about the ball player?
the home run hitter on drugs?
he said a doctor helped him with a personal problem.
he said he wasn't using drugs.
he apologized to the fans.
the league suspended him for 50 games.
that will cost him some money.
yes, about $7 million.
that will teach him a good lesson.
he probably won't use drugs anymore.
but it won't stop other players from using drugs.
why is there so much crime?
because parents don't teach their kids right from wrong.
is that it?
also, there aren't enough police.
but there are a lot of police.
there's only one police officer per 100 criminals.
can't we hire more police?
no. it costs too much money.
doesn't crime cost more than police?
yes, it does.
so it would be cheaper to hire more police?
this is a great neighborhood.
yes, it is.
people are friendly.
yes, they are.
the streets and sidewalks are clean.
yes, they are.
there's a real nice park nearby.
yes, there is.
i feel safe here.
there is no crime here.
i wish i could move here.
the house burned down.
what happened?
the man fell asleep.
was he smoking?
yes, he was smoking a cigarette.
did he die?
yes, he did. his cat died, too.
that's too bad. what about his smoke alarm?
the battery was dead.
a good battery would have saved his life.
he had cigarettes, but no battery.
they say he has started fifteen big fires.
he's been in jail three times already.
why did they ever let him out?
it's the law. they can't keep him in jail forever.
why not? everyone knows he's a firebug. he loves to start fires.
i don't know. sometimes the law doesn't make sense.
but his latest fire killed someone.
this time they have charged him with murder.
so maybe he'll go to jail forever?
i sure hope so.
someone should set him on fire.
put your seatbelt on.
why?
because it will protect you in case of an accident.
but it's uncomfortable.
it's the law.
it's so much trouble.
it's common sense.
it's so tight that it's hard for me to breathe.
hold your breath till we get there.
okay, my seatbelt is on.
i'm glad you don't complain very much.
what are you doing?
i'm going to change the light bulb. it burnt out.
what are you standing on?
a couple of dictionaries and some textbooks.
are you crazy?
what's the matter?
those books will slip and you'll fall.
it's only a couple of feet.
what if you fall while you're holding the light bulb, and it breaks and pieces go into your eyes?
i never thought about that.
you'd be blind for the rest of your life!
did you see that puddle of water on the floor?
yes. i called for a clean-up.
a puddle of water is very dangerous.
it isn't easy to see.
but it's real easy to slip on.
especially on these slick floors.
someone who slips could hurt their back.
they could even crack their head open.
we should stand here till the clean-up person gets here.
we can leave if we put an orange cone here.
yes, but i don't know where the orange cones are.
what happens when the fire alarm rings?
we tell our students to leave the classroom.
can they take their belongings?
yes, if they do it quickly.
where do the students go?
they go out to the north parking lot.
what do the teachers do?
we take our rosters to the parking lot and take roll.
why do you do that?
we want to make sure all the students are out of the building.
if they are all outside, then what?
i have to go back upstairs.
why? we're already late.
i have to check the stove.
what's the matter?
maybe i left the burner on.
no, you didn't. i checked the stove before we left.
are you sure?
of course i'm sure.
well, i have to go back upstairs anyway.
it's getting later every minute.
i think i left the water running.
the city is buying guns.
what are they paying?
up to $200 for each gun, no questions asked.
why are they doing this?
they want to get guns off the street.
who would turn in a gun for $200?
that isn't a good deal?
a good gun costs $400 or more.
well, if you bring your receipt, maybe they'll give you $400.
i'll keep my receipt and my gun.
i didn't know you had a gun.
you're yawning.
i sure am.
you should go to bed.
i will as soon as i finish this article.
what are you reading?
it's about crime in los angeles.
what does it say?
the mayor says the crime rate is going down.
then why does everyone lock their doors?
i guess they haven't read this article.
no one believes that the crime rate is going down.
people who live in california are crazy.
why is that?
because of all the earthquakes and fires.
but big earthquakes happen only once in a while.
once in a while is once too many.
but you're right. there are a lot of fires.
a recent fire destroyed 85 homes.
still, it's safer than florida.
florida doesn't have earthquakes or fires.
no, florida just has hurricanes every year from june to october.
but most of those hurricanes are harmless.
i went to hawaii on vacation.
did you like it?
i loved it. i want to live there.
what did you like?
the island is so green, and the water is so blue.
did you go swimming?
i went to the beach every day.
how was the weather?
it was hot and sunny every day.
what did you do at night?
at night i went out to eat. the food was delicious.
i like this hotel.
what do you like about it?
we get a free breakfast.
coffee and a roll?
no, a real breakfast.
bacon and eggs?
with toast, ham, sausage, fresh fruit, and juice.
wow! that is nice. let's stay for two nights.
and the rooms are clean, too.
do they allow pets?
no pets, no smoking.
i'm not sleeping here tonight.
what's the matter? this is a nice room.
maybe the room is nice, but not the bed.
what's wrong with the bed?
look at this sheet.
yes?
see those stains?
i sure do.
i'm not sleeping on that sheet.
well, just call the front desk. they'll give us new sheets.
i want sheets without stains on them.
what time does your plane leave?
it leaves at 12:15.
when do you have to be at the airport?
i have to be there two hours early.
so we have to be at the airport at 10:15.
that means we have to leave the house at 9:15.
well, it's an hour to get there, if there are no traffic problems.
so maybe we better leave at 8:15?
yes, it's better to get there too early than too late.
i agree.
you never know what might happen on these freeways.
i need to fly to new york.
when are you going?
during the christmas holidays.
you'd better buy your ticket now.
you must be kidding.
no, i'm not. it's march. time is running out. seats are selling out right now.
i thought i would wait until october.
i'll bet this is the first time you've ever flown during christmas.
you're right.
well, listen to me. you need to buy a ticket now.
but maybe prices will be cheaper in october.
i hate flying.
so do i.
a long time ago, flying used to be okay.
now it's like riding a bus.
you're jammed in with people all around you.
half of them are coughing, and the other half are sneezing.
you don't have any elbow room or knee room.
people are always getting up to use the bathroom.
kids are crying or climbing over you.
it's a flying zoo!
i wish i could afford first class seats.
some guy rowed across the atlantic ocean.
good for him.
why would he do that?
did he set a new record?
yes, i think he did.
well, i guess that's why he did it.
what's the point?
now he has the world record!
but someone's going to break it, so what good is it?
well, he can enjoy it while it lasts.
i don't think he even got paid for it.
i want to go on a cruise ship.
that sounds like fun. where do you want to go?
i want to cruise to hawaii.
that should be a nice trip. lots of fun, and lots of food.
i have no idea how much it will cost.
i think it depends on the season and on your cabin.
well, of course i want to go when the weather is nice.
yes, you don't want to travel in winter storms.
and i want to get a big cabin with a view.
are you going to travel alone?
no, my sister and i will travel together.
i hate to fly.
because of all the security?
no, because it hurts my ears.
what do you mean?
every time we land or take off, my ears hurt so much.
that's just the altitude change, i think.
whatever it is, it hurts.
can't you take medicine or something for it?
i've tried everything, but nothing works.
have you tried earplugs?
they don't work, either.
spring break starts tomorrow.
are you going to go anywhere?
i was thinking of driving to arizona.
to the grand canyon?
yes. i've never been there.
i was there when i was a kid.
how did you like it?
i loved it. i still remember how amazing it was.
i'm sure i'll like it, too.
you should try riding a mule on a trail to the bottom.
no way! i don't want to fall to my death.
that hotel was terrible.
the worst in the whole world.
the walls were so thin.
all day long we heard tvs or telephones.
all night long we heard people snoring.
housekeeping didn't give us fresh towels.
room service brought us a cold dinner.
our nonsmoking room stunk of cigarette smoke.
our room was right next to the elevator and the ice machine.
they added phony charges to our bill.
how did we end up in that terrible hotel?
i have to hang up. i'm so sleepy.
it's not even 10 o'clock.
i'm falling asleep on the phone.
you got up real early.
i had to take my friend to the airport.
why didn't you take a nap when you got home?
i didn't get home until 30 minutes ago.
why is that?
there was a bomb threat at the airport.
only a threat?
yes, but i was stuck there all day while they looked for the bomb.
my dad went to washington, d.c.
why did he do that?
he was invited, along with about 90 other veterans.
who invited them?
some private organization.
why did they invite him?
to thank him and all the other soldiers who served in world war ii.
that's very nice.
my dad got to see the beautiful new world war ii monument.
that trip must have cost a lot of money. 
that was a great trip to washington, d.c.
tell me about it, dad.
about 90 of us world war ii veterans got on the plane at 8 a.m.
how long was the flight?
it only took about two hours.
did you take pictures at the world war ii monument?
oh, yes. we all took lots of pictures.
then you flew back home that evening?
yes. when we landed, tv reporters and the army band were there.
that must have made you feel really special.
oh, it did. there were about 300 people there to honor us.
i need a job.
i thought you had a job.
i did.
what happened?
i got laid off.
that's terrible! when did it happen?
i got laid off last week.
just you?
no, ten of my coworkers got laid off, too.
what are you going to do?
i'm looking in the newspaper for a job.
before you go to that interview, check yourself.
what's to check?
are your nails clean?
yes, they are.
did you double-check your nose and teeth?
they are clean, too.
did you shine your shoes?
my shoes are shined.
do your socks match?
of course they match.
no, they don't. one is black and one is dark blue.
life is hard.
it sure is.
i thought school was hard.
me, too. i couldn't wait to graduate.
but now work is hard, too.
i agree. work is just as hard as school.
sometimes i wish i was back in school.
me, too. school was fun.
and it was only 12 years.
it went by pretty fast.
but work goes on forever!
i'm sleepy.
so am i.
i had a long day.
so did i.
i didn't even have lunch.
neither did i.
i was busy the whole day.
so was i.
i had to bring work home with me.
i did too.
your day was just like mine.
i don't like my job.
what do you do?
i'm a babysitter.
is that a lot of work?
babies cry all the time.
you have to change their diapers.
i have to feed them.
are you looking for another job?
no, i'm looking for another family.
another family?
a family with only one baby.
i need a job.
what was your last job?
i was a painter.
what happened?
i got laid off because there was no work.
what else can you do?
i'm a handyman.
can you fix a dripping faucet in a kitchen sink?
of course.
then i have a job for you in my kitchen.
it will cost you only $20 plus parts.
what would you do if you lost your job?
i have no idea. i've been here for 20 years.
do you have any other skills?
well, i know how to flip hamburgers.
no one would hire you to flip hamburgers.
have you heard something that you're not telling me?
what do you mean?
are there going to be layoffs at this place?
i certainly hope not!
if you got laid off, you'd be flipping hamburgers, too.
oh great, we could both work at burger king.
do your students ever talk about their jobs?
yes, and they ask me what jobs are the best.
i tell my students to become a teacher.
teaching is a great job.
it's the best job i've ever had.
what makes it so good?
for me, it's the students.
what do you mean?
i mean i have wonderful students.
that must be nice.
teaching is the best part of my whole day.
boy, i'm glad that job is finished.
how long did it take?
four hours, without a break.
it's always nice to finish a job.
well, it's good and bad.
what's bad about it?
when you finish, all you do is start another job!
yes, that's right. it does get boring.
especially if it's the same work, over and over.
but that's what most people do.
yes, i guess most of us are stuck in a routine.
i think i have the worst boss in the world.
what makes him so bad?
he's rude and he yells a lot.
that's hard to take.
i've never heard him say please or thank you.
he sounds like a real jerk.
no one at work likes him.
can't you report him to his supervisor?
of course not. if i do that, i'll lose my job.
yes, they don't like troublemakers or complainers.
i can't quit, because i'm making a good salary.
what are we going to do?
about what?
about finding a job for me.
you don't need a job. i make enough money for both of us.
that doesn't matter. i don't want to sit around.
okay, what kind of job do you want?
i'm not sure.
well, you should do something that you enjoy.
i enjoy selling. i was born to sell.
okay, what do you want to sell?
cigarette lighters. i'll make a fortune.
a new hotel is looking for workers.
yes, i saw it on the tv news.
they need 300 new workers.
and 4,000 people showed up.
so many people are out of work.
i still have my job, thank goodness.
so do i, but i'm worried.
me too. there are no guarantees.
if you lose your job, you can move in with me.
oh, thank you. that's very nice of you.
you would do the same for me.
i think i did something real stupid.
what did you do?
i bought some stock.
everybody buys stock.
i bought it on a hunch.
you didn't read about the company first?
i didn't have to. it's been in business for 60 years.
so what's the problem?
i used all my savings on this one company.
you put all your eggs into one basket.
if the company goes out of business, i'll have nothing.
i was going to be a doctor.
what happened to your plans?
i got a d in college chemistry.
well, a d is better than an f.
a tutor helped me get the d!
so, you didn't become a doctor.
and now i'm glad that i didn't.
why's that?
a hospital is the most dangerous place in the world.
oh, yes, because of all the killer germs.
if you're a smart doctor, you stay away from hospitals.
i want to be a mail carrier when i grow up.
why?
because you get to meet a lot of people.
you sure do.
and you get a lot of exercise every day.
that's the truth.
and you get to play with a lot of dogs.
well, you're supposed to be working.
yes, but i will always pet the friendly dogs.
what about the unfriendly dogs?
i think if you are friendly to dogs, they are friendly to you.
i want to move to new york.
to the state or the city?
to the city, of course.
why do you want to move there?
because i want to make a lot of money.
there are a lot of poor people in new york.
there sure areat least a million.
so how do you plan to become rich?
i will knock on the doors of all the corporations.
that won't make you rich. nobody will talk to you.
i will keep knocking on doors.
i love salads.
me too.
i usually eat a simple salad.
what do you put in it?
just lettuce, tomato, and celery.
that's it?
i add some pepper and salt.
i always put cheese in my salads.
yes, cheese is nice.
what kind of dressing do you use?
i pour lots of french dressing on top.
i love cheese.
me too.
where does cheese come from?
it comes from cows.
so we get cheese from cows, and we get milk, too?
yes, we do.
what else do we get from cows?
we get hamburgers and steak.
oh, that's so delicious.
we also get leather.
we get a lot of things from cows, don't we?
i used to work in a deli.
how did you like it?
i loved it!
did you get free food?
i ate free cheese and meat every day.
that sounds like a great job.
whatever a customer ordered, i sliced off a little more for me.
did you get fat?
no, but i did put on a few pounds.
that sounds like a dream job.
it was, until one day my manager caught me.
i'm on a new diet.
what are you eating now?
i switched from pasta to potatoes.
why did you do that?
pasta is processed food. potatoes are natural food.
natural food has more vitamins.
and it's just as easy to prepare.
how do you prepare the potatoes?
i wash them, and then steam them for 15 minutes.
that's pretty simple.
then i add butter, salt, and pepper.
my girlfriend's mom got mad at me at the dinner table.
why was that?
i sprinkled salt and pepper on the food before i tasted it.
what's the matter with that?
her mom is a great cook.
so, a little salt and pepper never hurt anything.
it hurt her feelings.
oh.
i apologized to her, but i could tell she was still upset.
maybe you shouldn't eat there again.
i'm sure everything will be okay in a day or two.
i eat the same thing every day.
you're kidding.
no, i'm serious.
doesn't that get old?
no, because i'm eating food that i like.
but the same thing day after day gets old.
well, i guess if it ever does get old, i'll change to something different.
do you eat fruits and vegetables every day?
no, i hate vegetables.
but you eat fruits.
i eat two apples, one banana, and one orange every day.
there's something wrong with my orange.
what's wrong?
it's not orange!
your orange isn't orange?
no, it's dark pink!
are you sure? i never heard of such a thing.
i just peeled it, and i'm looking at it right now.
let me see. yes, you're right. your orange is pink.
who ever heard of such a thing?
oh, look. here's the little sticker that was on it. it's called a pink navel.
what is this world coming to?
i love peanuts.
me, too. i love them roasted and salted.
i love boiled peanuts.
boiled? i never heard of that.
just boil raw peanuts in salt water until the shells are soft.
i'll have to try them sometime.
they're best when they're hot.
my brother is allergic to peanuts.
that's not good.
no, it isn't. he almost died when he was little.
i guess he has to be very careful about what he eats.
i'm gaining weight.
how much have you gained?
three pounds just this month.
do you know why?
i think it's the ice cream.
you started eating ice cream?
it was on sale.
how much did you buy?
i filled up my freezer with ice cream.
well, it won't last forever.
no, i figure i'll finish it all by next week.
i'm stuffed.
of course you are. you ate everything on the table.
i don't like to eat leftovers.
i'm glad to hear there's something you don't like to eat.
i like my food hot and fresh.
you like to see it disappear.
i don't like it reheated.
well, you'll have hot fresh food tomorrow night.
i'm so full i'm going to burst.
you should loosen your belt.
i already loosened my belt and unbuttoned my pants.
i saw what you did.
i didn't do anything.
oh yes, you did.
what are you talking about?
you know what i'm talking about.
i don't have any idea.
you know what you did.
maybe i know, but how could you know?
because i was watching you.
okay, i'm sorry i did it.
don't drink milk out of the carton. use a glass!
i like that shirt.
so do i.
how much is it?
i don't know. the tag is missing.
ask the clerk.
i will.
oh, look. here's another shirt just like it.
does it have a price tag?
yes, it does. it's only $20.
that's a great price.
i think i'll buy both of them.
i bought you a pair of pants.
thank you.
i hope they fit.
i hope you kept the receipt.
you think they won't fit?
i think i've put on some weight.
you think?
maybe a pound or two.
maybe four or five pounds?
my waist is bigger than it was.
no problem. these pants have an elastic waistband.
what do we need to buy?
let me look at our list.
i know that we need milk.
nonfat.
of course. what else?
we need cheese, bread, and ham.
what kind of cheese?
swiss.
of course, the cheese with holes in it.
i never used to buy swiss cheese.
why not?
i need some pants.
i thought you just bought a pair.
i did.
what's wrong with them so soon?
the pants are fine, but the pocket has a huge hole in it.
you shouldn't carry your keys and pens in your pocket.
but that's what pockets are for.
you should carry them in a purse.
i'm a man, and men don't carry purses!
well, you should buy pants with stronger pockets.
i would if i could find someone who makes strong pockets.
what are those wipes for?
you use them to wipe the handle of the shopping cart.
that's a great idea.
yes, all the markets just started offering wipes to shoppers.
i'm going to take five wipes.
what do you need five of them for?
one to wipe the handle, and the others to wipe the produce.
what's the matter with the produce?
do you think the bananas fell from the sky?
what do you mean?
i mean, someone used their dirty hands to pick the bananas, the apples, and the oranges.
did you go to the 99 cents store?
yes, i did.
what did you buy?
well, i got a lot of good deals, as usual.
like what?
well, a dozen large eggs were only 99 cents.
that's a good deal.
and a one-pound tub of soft butter was the same price.
another good deal.
but the best deal was five pounds of potatoes for 99 cents.
i don't know how that store makes money.
i need a new computer.
what's the matter with yours?
it's six years old.
that's pretty old.
it still works, but i'm going to give it to a charity.
are you going to buy a desktop or laptop?
oh, a laptop, of course.
a pc or a mac?
i haven't decided yet.
more and more people are using macs.
but 90 percent of the world uses pcs.
i got ripped off.
what happened?
i had a car problem, so i went online.
did you find a solution?
yes, i did. a site i went to said they would send me the solution.
so, what's the problem?
i sent them $20 using my credit card, but they never sent me the solution.
what are you going to do?
i sent them an email asking for my money back.
have you heard from them?
not yet. it's been a week.
where's the pencil sharpener?
which one?
any one. i need to sharpen this pencil.
i think there's one on the dining room table.
i already looked there.
did you look in the desk drawer?
yes, i looked there, too.
don't we have about five sharpeners?
yes, but they seem to have legs.
tomorrow i'm going to buy an electric sharpener.
get one with the rubber suction cups on the bottom.
i'm trying to stretch my dollars.
how are you doing that?
i started shopping at the dollar store.
that saves a lot of money.
i bought three pounds of potatoes for a dollar.
that's a good deal.
yes, even though some of the potatoes had eyes.
just put them in the fridge.
also, i bought a can of cheap coffee and a bag of good coffee.
why did you do that?
i mixed them together.
i really like this house.
can we afford it?
they want 20 percent down.
that's a lot of money.
but the house is so nice.
it's in a great neighborhood.
it's close to the beach.
it's close to the freeways.
it's got a big yard.
the kids love the house, too.
if we don't buy it, someone else will.
we can't afford this house.
are you sure?
we will be house rich, but cash poor.
what do you mean?
our monthly payments will be too high.
we won't have any money for other things?
no, we won't have money for gas or food.
we'll be eating peanut butter sandwiches?
without the peanut butter!
that's no good!
we have to find a cheaper house.
that is a beautiful house.
i don't like it.
what's the matter with it?
it's on the corner.
so?
that means it gets twice as much traffic.
you're right.
when you're inside, you will always hear cars stopping and stopping at the intersection.
or you'll hear the collision if someone doesn't stop.
or you'll see the collision if they crash into the house.
let's find a house that's at the end of a dead end.
i hate looking for an apartment.
me, too.
we have a 2 o'clock appointment to see the one on main street.
we'd better get ready to go.
it's an upstairs unit.
that's good, because i don't want to live under people with loud feet.
and it's a corner unit.
that's great. we won't have neighbors on both sides of us.
no pets are allowed.
perfect. we don't have to listen to barking dogs.
and there are only six units in the whole building.
did you call the manager?
yes. he said he'd come over tomorrow.
did he say what time?
yes. he said he'd be here at 9 o'clock.
did he understand what the problem is?
yes. i told him our doorbell doesn't work.
it shouldn't take him long to fix it.
i don't even know why we need to fix it.
in case we have visitors.
but they can just knock on the door.
actually, i want him to look at our carpet, too.
do you like this house?
yes, it's beautiful.
it's perfect for us and the kids.
three bedrooms, three bathrooms, and a big back yard.
and we can afford it!
so are we going to buy it?
i'm afraid not.
it's too far from your job, isn't it?
i can't spend four hours on the road every day.
by the time you get home, you'll be too tired to even eat.
i won't be able to play with the kids.
boy, it's chilly outside, isn't it?
it sure is.
in fact, it's chilly in the apartment, too.
let's turn on the heat.
i'll check to make sure that all the windows are shut.
it should be warmer in a few minutes.
it's so nice to have a heated apartment.
how did they survive in the old days?
they had fireplaces.
someone had to chop the wood.
and carry it into the house.
this is a nice neighborhood.
the streets are clean and quiet.
the neighbors don't party on the weekends.
people take care of their lawns.
no rusty old cars are sitting in the front yards.
we never have to call the police about anything.
our kids are completely safe.
so why are we selling our house?
they're building a 3-story apartment building on the corner.
so we've got to sell before property values go down?
yes. i still can't believe our city council allowed this building.
that was a huge fire in santa barbara.
yes, it was.
they said about 30 houses burned to the ground.
and they were expensive houses.
i feel so sorry for those people.
why feel sorry for rich people?
i feel sorry for anyone who loses their home.
so do i, but not if they're rich.
what does that have to do with it?
rich people think they're better than us.
how many rich people do you know?
bears are invading our neighborhoods.
of course they are. they're starving to death.
they should stay in the woods where they belong.
there's no food in the woods.
can't they eat grass?
do you think a bear is a cow?
well, i've seen them eating berries.
berries aren't in season all year round.
it's too dangerous for kids and pets.
people need to cover their trash cans.
the police need to shoot all the bears.
who did you vote for?
i voted for obama.
me too.
he will be a great president.
everyone likes him.
he's a good speaker.
and he's really smart.
he will solve our problems.
he will end the war.
the next four years will be good years.
i'll vote for him next time, too.
the election is next week.
who are you voting for?
i'm not voting for the mayor.
why not?
he made promises that he didn't keep.
like what?
he promised to hire 1,000 more police officers.
how many did he hire?
one hundred!
maybe he had a good reason.
maybe he's just a liar.
i can't believe he won the election.
only 15 percent of the voters turned out.
that is a joke.
voting is so important, but people don't bother.
many people think their vote doesn't matter.
the mayor won by only 2,000 votes.
we're stuck with him for four more years.
voting is so easy. you can even mail your ballot in.
all you have to do is vote and put a stamp on it.
how easy is that?
i guess people just don't care.
well, we have a new president.
but we have the same old problems.
well, he's made a few changes.
like what?
i think he closed the bowling alley in the white house.
oh, yeah. he's changing it to a basketball court.
who's paying for that?
i think we are!
well, that's okay, as long as it helps him relax and think more clearly.
yes, we need a relaxed president who thinks clearly.
do any other world leaders have a basketball court?
people say that everybody loves obama.
well, more than 50 million people voted for mccain.
that's 50 million people who don't love obama.
obama's got four years to make everyone happy.
he's never going to make everyone happy.
can you imagine being president?
everyone wants you to solve their problems.
i have enough stress from trying to solve my own problems.
you and everybody else.
i would never want to be president.
but think about all the power you'd have.
did you read this article?
what article?
it says the mayor spends only 11 percent of his time on city duties.
only 11 percent?
about 50 percent of the time he's traveling.
where does he travel to?
oh, all over the world.
but he's supposed to be making our city a better place.
he's visiting other cities to get ideas.
can't he just go online?
the rest of the time he's raising money for his reelection.
who did you vote for for president?
i voted for ralph nader.
who in the world is ralph nader?
he's the best man for president.
why's that?
he hates corporations.
well, most corporations do think only about money.
he hates democrats and republicans.
well, they do put their party before their country.
he's the only candidate that i trust.
but he didn't have a chance. nobody voted for him!
i don't know why i bother to vote.
why's that?
what good does it do?
you get to put someone in power that you like.
only if my candidate wins.
well, he can't win unless you and others vote for him.
but even if my candidate wins, he'll break his promises.
that's true. they promise anything just so they get elected.
and when elected, they go their own way.
they forget who put them in power.
they forget where they came from.
that election for u.s. senator stunk.
what do you mean?
there were more votes than voters!
but that's impossible.
officials said that it's possible.
did they explain how it's possible?
no. they said there are some things you can't explain.
so are they going to hold another election?
no. that will cost too much money.
so it's better to save money than to have an honest election?
well, the democratic party says it was an honest election.
i see that former president bush is at a conference.
yes. he's telling jokes about his eight years as president.
yes, those eight years were a lot of fun for everyone.
only 4,000 american soldiers were killed overseas.
not to mention 40,000 wounded soldiers.
but bush visited some of them in the hospital once.
that's nice that he found the time to make a visit.
he spoke to them and made them feel better.
did he speak to every family that lost a soldier?
no, he didn't have time to do that.
well, he's got plenty of time now!
did you get your official sample ballot?
yes, with the voter instructions.
how are you going to vote?
same as ever, by mail. all it costs me is a 42-cent stamp.
i meant, are you going to vote for or against the new taxes?
against all of them, of course.
but we need new taxes to pay for highways, schools, and prisons.
we've already voted for new taxes to pay for all that stuff!
that's true. where did that money go?
our legislators spent it on first-class travel all over the world.
they are having a good time with our money.
have you decided how you are going to vote?
do you mean on measures 1, 2, and 3?
yes. the ones that will improve our schools, roads, and hospitals.
you mean the measures that will raise our taxes.
but the tv ads say that our taxes will not increase.
do you believe the tv ads?
i like the one where the fireman tells us why we should vote yes.
don't believe him! whatever the tv ads tell you, the opposite is true.
but the title of measure 1 is "better schools at no cost."
the title should be "better schools at huge cost."
i can't believe that they would lie to us.
i have a stomachache.
is it something you ate?
maybe. i'm not sure.
what did you have for breakfast?
the usual, cereal with milk and a banana.
maybe the milk was bad.
it didn't smell bad.
maybe the banana was bad.
no, the banana was delicious.
maybe you just need to go to the bathroom.
no, that's not the problem.
what's this stain?
i don't know.
it looks like blood.
i think my nose was bleeding.
you should wet your shirt immediately.
why?
because that gets the blood out of the shirt.
what's a little blood?
your white shirt is ruined.
so, i'll just buy another one.
you can wear this one around the house.
my fingers hurt.
why do they hurt?
i type too much.
you should take a break.
i need to type to make money.
but typing is causing you pain.
maybe i should see a doctor.
doctors are too expensive.
he might tell me to rest for a while.
he might want to cut you open.
he might say i'm okay.
what did the doctor say?
he thinks i have too much stress.
stress causes your stomachaches?
stress causes different problems with different people.
so what did he tell you to do?
he said i need to think positive.
he didn't give you any medication?
i hate medication. it makes me feel different.
so how do you think positive?
i think about nice things.
like what?
i cut my finger.
how did you do that?
it's a paper cut.
paper can be dangerous.
it hurts, too.
paper cuts can hurt a lot.
where are the band-aids?
i think they're in the medicine cabinet.
it's on the tip of my finger.
a band-aid might not work.
i must not use this finger until the cut heals.
do you smell that?
oh, yes.
i can't stand cigarette smoke.
it smells so bad.
one cigarette stinks up the whole sidewalk.
smokers think they are so cool.
they are so weak.
a little cigarette controls them.
they look so stupid taking a puff.
and then they blow smoke out of their mouth.
they think it's cool.
do you have a cold?
yes, i do.
how did you get it?
my sister had a cold. she gave it to me.
have you taken anything for your cold?
no, i just blow my nose a lot.
your nose is stopped up?
yes. i have to breathe through my mouth.
have you tried nose drops?
no, i don't like nose drops.
they work great.
would you put suntan lotion on my back, please?
sure.
thank you.
you shouldn't lie in the sun for too long.
i want to get a tan. i don't want to look so pale.
what's wrong with looking pale?
people think you might be sick.
who thinks that?
i don't know.
it's better to be pale than to have skin cancer.
i know that.
i can't quit smoking.
of course you can.
i don't have enough will power.
of course you do.
i wish i had never started.
so does every smoker.
i've tried to quit so many times.
so has everyone else.
nothing seems to work.
all it takes is will power, and you have it.
then why can't i quit?
my back is killing me.
what did you do?
i got out of my car.
that's it?
i injured my back one time just by sneezing.
you should see a doctor.
my doctor said i need surgery.
so?
so, forget it.
you don't have the money?
i have no insurance.
my brother smokes three packs a day.
three packs of what?
cigarettes, of course.
how can he do that?
when he is almost finished with one cigarette, he uses it to light another.
he's a chain smoker.
he's been a chain smoker for 30 years.
that's unbelievable. can he still breathe?
he can, but the people around him can't.
how can he still be alive?
his doctor says his heart and lungs are strong and healthy.
i hate brushing my teeth.
it's such a chore.
brush, brush. spit, spit.
what did they do in the old days?
they brushed with their fingers.
they also ate with their fingers!
why do they call it the good old days?
maybe because they didn't have to brush and floss.
who invented flossing?
a dentist, i'm sure.
i hate flossing more than brushing!
let's stop for a while. i need a break and some water.
this trail is hard to climb.
especially on a hot day like this.
i can't believe we haven't seen any animals.
thank goodness! i don't want to see any wild animals.
all we've seen so far is a couple of lizards.
we're hiking to lose weight, not to see goats and bears.
i bet i've lost a couple of pounds already.
all you've lost is some sweat.
i haven't even lost one pound of fat?
if you want to lose fat, you've got to do this hike every day.
oh no, another pimple on my face.
pimples suck.
it seems like i get a new pimple almost every day.
maybe it's something in your diet.
no, i eat the same things day after day.
then maybe it's in your genes.
you might be right.
do pimples run in your family?
not that i've noticed.
well, maybe it's from the pollution in the air.
whatever the cause, i hate seeing them on my face.
do you believe everything you hear?
i don't believe anything i don't see with my own eyes.
you can't believe what you hear on tv or radio.
you can't believe what you read in the newspapers.
everyone tells you a different story about the same thing.
three different people will give you three different stories.
and the government will give you a fourth story.
yes, like the government says not to worry about the swine flu.
but the swine flu just killed 20 people in mexico.
the government says we have nothing to worry about.
then why are some schools telling the kids to stay home?
don't pick your nose.
i wasn't picking my nose.
what were you doing?
i was scratching my nose.
i think i know the difference between picking and scratching.
okay, mom, maybe i was picking it a little bit.
use a tissue next time.
i didn't have a tissue.
then wait till you find a tissue.
i couldn't wait. it was an emergency.
oh, really? maybe you should have called 911.
our tv remote is filthy.
yes, it's covered with crud.
i'm going to clean it.
don't use water on it!
i'll use a damp cloth.
don't let water get into any of the cracks.
i'll squeeze the cloth so it's almost dry.
don't rub the numbers off the remote.
i will rub gently but firmly.
do it quickly, please, so i can change channels during commercials.
i'll give it back to you in a couple of minutes.
my ear is killing me.
what's the matter?
i was on a plane.
so?
so, every time the plane goes up, my ear starts to hurt.
that's no good.
sometimes the pain goes away, and sometimes it doesn't.
have you seen a doctor?
i've been to two doctors.
and they couldn't fix your problem?
they both said i have to live with it.
did you see the woman with the new face?
did she get a nice job?
she got an "everything" job!
what do you mean?
a team of doctors gave her a whole new face.
why did they do that?
a mad dog bit most of her face off.
oh, that's terrible. what does she look like now?
her face is really fat, but they say the swelling will go down.
and then will she look normal again?
i guess so.
there's something wrong with my right hand.
what's wrong with it?
it aches most of the time.
what do you think it is?
i don't know. i think it's old age.
if it's old age, why don't both of your hands hurt?
that's a good question. maybe it's not old age.
are you right-handed?
yes. all my life.
you're wearing out your right hand. stop using it so much.
but i do all my writing with my right hand.